combined	subreddit
"Need to Change Depression meds....but SCARED..HELP!!! I have been on Celexa 40mg for over 18 YEARS. It's NOT working and I really need to change but I'm so scared that I'll get even WORSE!! My Dr. has given me a month of Prozac but I never took it because of fear. This month he gave me a new drug Trintellix but I haven't started it yet either.  I'm SO ON THE EDGE that I'm too scared to try something new because if it doesn't work (or God forbid, makes me WORSE.....) then I just know I for sure won't make it. What should I do? Has anyone else been too scared to try other new or different meds??"	sw
Fear of surviving stopping me from kms If there was a 100% effective method of suicide id have done it by now. Even guns to the head theres still like a 10% chance of survival and I won't risk that. Id rather live like shit than be a damn vegetable . Also you'll never know if you actually were successful which is also terrifying	sw
"Going through major transformations I’m 25, from New Jersey living in Florida. I moved here to get treatment for my substance abuse and put that life behind me. It’s been rough, I’ve fallen on my face a handful of times, but things are on the mend. I never imagined it would be this tough to get my life back on track, but Ive derailed my life so bad so it’s only natural I suppose.  Today things are good, however, and I’m very grateful for that. "	cc
"I’ve started having suicidal thoughts again I’m so fucking pathetic for feeling like this but I’m fucking scared and honestly don’t have anyone or anywhere else to turn to  Sometimes I’m so utterly miserable I fantasize about jumping to my death, but i feel so weak and selfish because if it.  I mean, I have a mom and a sister, but we’ve never been close. I have a boyfriend who I love with all my heart but he doesn’t love or care much about me anymore. I have no friends besides an old childhood friend I haven’t talked to in many months, much less seen in about a year. The one thing and only one that makes me hesitate to do it is my cat, funnily enough. I don’t want him to stay somewhere or with someone who doesn’t really care about his wellbeing, so whenever I want to end it all, my fucking cat is the only thing that stops me. How fucking pathetic is that? I literally feel like I’ve got nothing else in this world but my pet.  In the meantime I alternate between wanting to make myself hurt and bleed and a deep apathy where I just give up and let myself wither away  I’m so scared of being honest with myself, it disgusts me. Why can’t I just fucking face that my boyfriend doesn’t love me anymore? He sometimes treats me like shit and I know I’m no perfect partner, but it hurts deep down in my soul when the one I love treats my like dirt.  Why can’t I just accept I’ll never get my shit together and get an education? I’ve struggled with this my whole life and recently went back to finish high school (and did so in the end), but I have no drive, no passions, no interests, no talents. I cannot see a future for myself.  Why can’t I just do what’s right and what’s good for once? I hate myself for what I am, and deep down I know I’ll never shed these feelings completely. Why am I not even able to end it all when I have close to nothing to live for "	sw
"Who would you choose?! So imagine one day you are given the chance to powerbomb any famous person through a table, who would you choose? I think my choice would be the guy who plays Vince in The Fast and the Furious. Never liked the look of him hahaha."	cc
"I find it pleasurable when I feel pain and I do not know why I am no sadist or sadomasochist but I have known for a few years now that when I feel pain like the pain that you get from a run or even just an emotional pain, I feel more like myself and I feel more at peace and pleasurable and able to focus more. It is as if when I am not in pain, or at least by just a little, I do not feel like myself or at least able to do something. It is as if I need to feel pain or sorrow of some kind (without turning into some sort of pathology) in order for me to do something or feel motivated to do something   I tried to research this for years but never really managed to find a condition that explains it.  It feels weird that in a world where we do not want pain or want to avoid pain as much as possible, and yet,  when I feel pain, I feel more like myself"	cc
"Where should I read my college required reading? Currently trying to find a new place to read my book for my college English class. Normally, I read in my dorm room but I haven't been able to focus there lately. Where should I read? Where do you normally read?"	cc
"Your and You’re An easy way to remember it, for those who have trouble, is that you add the ‘e’ when you’re (you are) trying to say ‘you are’. Because ‘are’ has an ‘e’ at the end! "	cc
"did i miss a day? oh poop. well, halfway to 5 q's! 1. what's the best thing about wednesdays?  2. who's your best friend?  3. why do you spend so much time here on reddit?  4. fav snack?  5. who is really cool?"	cc
"My flight just got delayed for super long.. what should I do to pass the time? So I'm flying back home from flagstaff to hawaii, with phoenix being the area of the connecting flight. My flight was originally at 7:30 AM, then it got delayed all the way back to 8 PM. Its 12 PM right now. I'm currently trying to figure out what to do, I have my laptop and nintendo switch on me, but I've also never been in the city of phoenix with the exception of the airport. It's a bit tempting to explore, but I don't know how tedious it would be to leave the airport, transportation, re-enter, and all that stuff.  What do you guys think? :D"	cc
So much waiting Last 3 weeks have just been waiting waiting waiting waiting waiting. Over a month till I can have an appointment so now I'm waiting waiting waiting waiting waiting. Idk if I'm waiting for help or waiting to die. But im waiting waiting waiting waiting. I know im waiting for my parents to sleep so I can steal back the alcohol they caught me with. How much alcohol does it take to OD? Hmm I'll just have to continue waiting waiting waiting waiting going insane waiting waiting waiting till I can find out	sw
a Thank you guys so much for responding. I really appreciate it! If anyone else would like to talk feel free to PM me :)	sw
"I just don't know why I bother anymore I'll never have anything, every time I try to scratch enough to save someone finds a reason to take it from me. Have a little in savings? Mom needs it to prevent the power from being shut off at her place! Have any amount saved? Nope, SOMEBODY needs it, and if I don't let them take it guess what? They turn the WHOOOOOLE town against me!  All I ever wanted in life was to get to see Japan, I really shouldn't have dreamed outside my station in life, should really have more realistic dreams like ""live to 50"" or ""only go bankrupt twice"" maybe ""learn to hate this town less"" I guess... Not like I'll ever be leaving...   Why the fuck do I have to participate in all this shit again? Why can't I just be done? Why would it be bad to be selfish for once?"	sw
How’s it going Just wanted to talk nothing in particular just wanted to talk ggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggg( I did that so it wouldn’t get taken down for to little of words)	cc
Positive Coping Mechanisms? Just going through some weird shit in my life right now. Could use some new ideas for just coping with Life. What are your thoughts? What do you to stay happy? 	cc
"Trying to live makes me suicidal Trying to actually make an effort at this living shit, but it’s so fucking awful that I just fantasize about ending it.   I’ve been trying to get a job for weeks, I’ve even had a few interviews but then nothing comes after that. The six month gap in my work history is fucking it up for me, I’ve never had this much trouble getting shitty min wage jobs before.   I don’t know what to do I’m almost out of money. I did some pretty questionable things to make ends meet and i really don’t want to go back to that. It’s too much work to stay alive "	sw
"I'm less depressed than I have been in months...and I still want to die just as much (maybe even more) I'm sorry this will be rambly, but my mind is going crazy and I really don't know what I'm doing anymore.   I'm sitting in a library, surrounded by other students who are better than me in every way. I can't stop thinking about what a complete piece of shit I am. I've never really connected to another person, because I don't know how. I have some people who ""care"" about me...my bosses, my co-workers, some students in a club I'm in, but they don't actually know me - they just see the facade I put on. They don't know how shitty my grades are, or how fucking lonely I am when I'm not at work or doing club things, etc. I'm a junior in college, so I don't feel like I can leave school (and forever regret wasting money without even getting a degree), and when I do graduate, it'll be with a shitty GPA with no direction in life whatsoever. From Nov-Feb, I was in possibly the worst depressive episode I've had, and I thought I finally was finally free in March, but even though I feel so much more functional and active these days, I still see no fucking point for living another day. Not when I've already screwed up at so many things. One of the ""friends"" I know from a club was talking about graduation earlier, and I remembered once again that I am technically a year behind in college, because I took a year off for mental health shit. She started college a year after me...and she's graduating at least a year before me. And it's not just her - everywhere I look, people are just so much better than me. I know I don't know the full story for anyone's life, and that everyone is going through their own struggles, but that makes it even worse...even with how shitty life can be sometimes, people are still achieving and advancing in their lives, and I'm here, a complete waste, sucking up oxygen and resources and an education...none of which I deserve  I know I can't kill myself now. Even the biggest piece of shit human being would make some people sad by committing suicide, and I don't want to cause anyone pain. but I think the only thing I can look forward to in life now is the day I finally decide that I'm allowed to die."	sw
"The Hungarian language has more than 20 words for the same nasty thing... I love my language. It's beautiful and very descriptive. We have a lot of words for things that other languages don't even have one. My favourite word like this is ""bölönc"". There are more than twenty words for this thing:           *betyárkörte, huszárkörte, peternác, labanctallér, szárazszemölcs, gatyazsír, hunyormag, legénytallér, mexikói gombóc, pölönc, szőrmeggy, zsiványkörte, csibésztallér, rablómazsola, csibészborsó, partizángolyócska, zsiványmazsola, huszárlepény, cimborapogácsa, csimasztallér, bélsárkányfog, betyárgumó, seggcsimbók, szarcsimbók*         Now, what is the meaning of bölönc? It's basically a piece of poop that dries on your butt hair if you don't wipe properly. I think the English word for it is 'clinkers' (Source: urbandictionary)      I just find it interesting (and disturbing) that we have so many words for this one thing... Makes you think...         Edit: My absolute favourite is 'bélsárkányfog' which roughly translates to 'The tooth of the boweldragon'."	cc
"it'll (probably not) get better what's up reddit? how yall doin? im guessing not well if youre reading this ahah. i havnt been doing well either so just know that some random internet stranger can sort of sympathize with you  like that really matters or helps though...  now lets cut the bs. im tired of people popping in and out of my life and only interacting with me when they want something from me (drugs mainly). ive tried quitting weed and i dont know if you can get addicted to psychedelics but i love shrooms and acid and spend most of my weekends tripping in my room playing video games and smoking weed. ive never really had a bad trip because i keep a clear mind and have xanax on hand if things do get out of control since i like to take large amounts (3.5g+ or 200ug+). what really sucks though is i broke my hand in a really dumb and just in a fit of anger and impulsiveness way; i punched a door. so i cant play video games or trip now (i feel like tripping with a broken hand would freak me tf out so if any of you have done this how was it?) and doing anything now is awkward as fuck and hurts like hell...  great  so why am i posting here? i really don't know. im just trying to share whats going on in my little bubble and why im almost at my bursting point.   school sucks. im in trouble almost everyday i decide to go and rather than my principal seeing my behavior and going ""hey, you doing alright? do you wanna speak to someone in private? take it easy, we've all been there"" they just hand out punishments and bark orders at me like im their little minion. and they wonder why i dont treat them with respect and miss a lot of school. they just all have such a big inflated ego that builds upon eachother and i know its a battle that im always going to lose but i sort of like losing it. i like getting into trouble because it just shows that i really dont care what punishments they hand me I'll just stop going in total.  i dont really feel like im a danger to myself but i have percs and booze; enough of each one to rest easy for eternity.  impulsive impulsive impulsive  thats the real danger. im impulsive and have a temper. not to mention im self depreciating and dont care about my own future or well-being. ive never seen a shrink but maybe i should. i wouldnt be surprised if im diagnosed with a whole host of things. but then again, 90% of people would probably be diagnosed with something too.  life is just shitty. no other way to put it. my parents work their asses off for me and my siblings. they're all doing well, so why cant i? im defective. defective things get scrapped for parts and remade. im an organ donor so maybe i should die and get reincarnated.  reincarnation is a cool idea. i hope its true.  thankyou for reading. even if you didnt i just needed to get this out there. i guess im just looking for advice on how to be less of a shithead. but for now, take it easy reddit."	sw
Back again. I posted a couple times here about half a year ago. Managed to get to a point where I felt I didn't want to do anything to myself anymore. I was wrong.  Could really do with someone to talk to.	sw
"just some observations funny how I know I’ll kill myself but I still talk myself into going to classes and studying. as if I won’t do it lol, I know myself better"	sw
"Anyone else have a hard time answering questions in a straightforward manner? I nearly always either answer questions with vagaries or avoidance.   It doesn't even have to be a significant question, I'll just do it.   Anyone else have problems with this?   "	cc
I didn’t kiss him goodbye like I usually do. I don’t think he even noticed. 	sw
İ want to commit suicide but... İ want to commit suicide but i fear ended in a silent hill like place...	sw
Please tell me everything is going to be okay. I am going through an episode right now. I have tried to kill myself in the past. I am considering downing a bottle and I am tired of fightning. I just need some to tell me that everything is going to be okay.	sw
"should i risk it? well let me introduce myself, my name is Ahmed and i'm almost 18 years old. I live in North Africa and that's my problem. let me explain, well here in my country i know that i will always be a whole ten steps backwards. here in my country i know that i can be a doctor  (i have the grades for it and i really want to) but knowing that a child could die in my hands just because we don't have the simplest tools keep me up at night. i love my country but goddamn it sometimes i hate it so much i wish it never existed. i don't want to live my life knowing that i will never reach my full potential. i want to go to the US where i know i can make a change, where i know i can be the person who i want to be. i have an uncle in Canada, I don't i he's any help but i'm willing to risk my life to get there.  So what should i do? stay and become a doctor and help people with whatever i got, or go to the USA and potentially make a change to the better (or potentially die in the process)?"	cc
"Sociology classes are quite interesting! The course isn’t in any way related to my academic program, but is included in the curriculum as a compulsory humanities/social sciences course. We were all kinda disapproving of it initially, but now it’s like one of my favourite hours. Evolution of societies, advancement, World Wars, Conferences, Megalomania and all that jazz is really so intriguing. "	cc
"i just want to disappear i really just want to die honestly. i have no friends irl, my very few online friends give off the vibe that they want nothing to do with me, i don’t know what i’m doing with my life, i really wish i could just disappear."	sw
This has to be just a bad dream or nightmare and I can't get out of it. Every time I wake up from a nightmare I get a wave of relief knowing that it was just an awful dream. I've been feeling like I'm trapped in a nightmare for 3 years and I want to shake out of it.	sw
"I'm tipsy and browsing the free section of craigslist, I'm having more fun than I thought I would Kind of amazing what you can find, lots of free animals - like a lot of chickens and goats, which is dangerous cause I want to adopt em all!  Also a lot of random couches and mattresses, which I dont feel comfortable getting but I definitely want to pick up something free, just not sure what I should look for!  Have you ever gotten any hidden gems from craigslist?  "	cc
"Going home for last time. Choosing to end my life soon.  So going back to my hometown to check things out.  The house I grew up in, the high school.  Visit my grandparents graves .Haven’t been there in almost 18 years, sure things are different. Kinda sad to have only one thing on the ole bucket list, but this is important for me before I go.  Leave Tuesday, will give updates.  Don’t know why I’m posting this but I guess I just want there to be something out there in internet land from me when I’m gone."	sw
"Do you guys feel like there's any real reason to live? Sometimes, I feel like me and everything around me is sort of pointless. I don't really feel like it would matter if my family or friends were broken over my death, because they won't even exist with time and everything we do or feel is relatively pointless. Can you help me find a reason to live?"	sw
What do you listen to on rainy days? What do you listen to when it's pouring outside? Do you listen to the same music on rainy days that you always listen to? Do you have a special rainy day playlist?                       I really want to make a rainy day playlist. It seems like a cool idea.                    So what do you like to listen to when it's raining outside?	cc
I found out my blood type! I gave blood on Valentine’s Day and just called and found out my blood type. I’m O-. Since this is the universal donor type I’m happy to help and excited that I could possibly save someone’s life. I’m also really nervous that if I get into an accident they won’t have any on hand. And kinda dreading the constant calls asking me to give blood.	cc
"I’m scared This is gonna be my last post, doubt anyone will see this. I’m scared of myself, I don’t know what to do. Today I had a terrible thought of hurting someone, I’m not that kind of person I would never hurt anyone, never. I’m so scared I don’t want to hurt anyone, but if I tell someone they’ll think I’m crazy. I can’t escape, I’m stuck. The only way is for me to kill myself, I would be lying if I said I wasn’t scared of death. Hell im terrified of death, but it’s the only way to get out of this. I never thought things will get this bad, I never thought that I would actually do it. I’m still considering it, but I’m pretty sure I’m gonna have to. I just want to be free from this, I can’t trust anyone. I feel like they’re judging me, thinking that I’m sick. I’m not, I just want a little help that’s all. I can’t say that, it’s a cruel world. I guess it depends what’s I’m gonna do now, I just want my suffering to end. Why can’t I feel normal for once, I wish people understood. I’m scared of death but if it ends all of this, then fine."	sw
"What happens if you get caught committing suicide by the police? Also I'm 16, so will they tell my parents? Thank you "	sw
"You dont want someone to die because of how it would affect you. When I read any article about someone who committed suicide, or why you shouldn't commit suicide, i read that you would be selfish and inconsiderate of how other people feel. That's bullshit. So you're basically telling me that I have to stay so everyone else doesn't feel sad? Depression often times goes to far to be reversed, and the only way of alleviating it is through suicide. If it got to that point and your ""loved ones"" have done absolutely nothing or haven't even tried to help you, then obviously this life isn't meant to be. I'm not gonna be around just for the convenience of ""love"" for others. Fuck you. Selfish fucks."	sw
"I don’t want to die but not being alive sounds like such a wonderful option I have tethers here. I’m in love. I have a close friend and a good father. I have a future I want to see. But I’m in such a dark place and there’s this constant voice telling me just to give up even if it would hurt everyone I care about. I hate it. I want to be okay I want to live. I want to be happy and grow old with the love of my life.  I hate absolutely everything about myself, from the way I look to my mentally ill brain. I hate it all. If I could keep all the people in my life and my relationships with them and just be a different person who I actually liked, I would do it in a heartbeat. I feel like I contribute nothing to the world. I’m in college on my dads money trying to become a vet but failing miserably. I don’t work. I don’t do extracurriculars. I want to, but I can barely handle classes and caring for myself. I have one friend who lives near me, my roommate, and she’s going through the same thing so even though we understand each other, it’s hard to motivate myself to do anything when I see her sleeping all day and isolating herself too. My girlfriend, who is also my best friend, is going through something that actually warrants a depressed response while I’m just plain sick in the head. Yet she does so much. She’s in theater, she’s got tons of friends, she goes to parties and has fun, she’s an artist and she’s constantly improving the world or creating something. I love her so much and I want to hear about her life, but every time I do get to hear about it it reminds me how empty mine is and what a failure I am. This ends up making her feel like she can’t even talk to me, which in turn leaves me even lonelier. We’re long distance. We grew up together and are extremely in love, so I don’t buy into that “long distance never works” shit, but it is damn hard being apart. I feel like she deserves so much better than me.  I can’t talk to her about my suicidal thoughts because she goes into a panic and has an asthma attack that puts her in danger. She feels at fault when she’s what’s keeping me here.  I feel like if I just wasn’t here, if somehow she never had to grieve for me and could just forget I existed and I could disappear, her life would be better. I want to stay for her. But I don’t feel like I can change or get better. I’m trying so hard but every day I take one step forward and ten steps back.  I have no plan to end my life. Im going to keep working on staying alive, on becoming someone I can stand. I’m trying to set goals for myself and keep to them. I’m working so hard on myself but no progress is happening.  I guess I’m coming here because I have nobody else to talk to. I’ve tried suicide hotlines but they don’t seem to care unless you’re literally two steps away from shooting yourself. They’ve only offered information I already have, things I already try. They feel so generic and distant and like I’m wasting their time. I just want to be told that I belong here. I just want to feel like I mean something and like I’m not a burden. "	sw
"Help me help someone. Look this sounds silly but... A fella I met on Xbox who I've been friends with for years is threatening suicide. I wanna help him but it's not like he's a friend in my town I can simply call a health care specialist for and have them go down and grab him. Hell this fella lives in another country for pete's sake! All I know is what state in America (or USA if you'd rather) he lives in, but I don't even know his full name, so I can't phone the local police in his area to get him since... Well I don't know his full name or what city he lives in. I used to be really good at dealing with suicidal people but since I've stumbled upon my own troubles I'm rather ill equipped for the task. I really could use some help on how to make him see sense. Side note he's quite poor and if I mention costly professional help he'll likely say it's a waste. Please please someone advise me what to do..."	sw
"I don't know what to do anymore. I mean, I'm on this sub so obviously I'm depressed. I wanna cut but I've done it in the past and it doesn't relieve the mental pain, yet my arms are longing for a blade on them. I wanna kill myself, but I'm too scared. My girlfriend broke up with me, after 2 years, and she's already getting over me after 2 months. She said she finished me because she felt too much like a mum, but I can't help it. I'm supposed to be getting tested for DCD/ASD in the next few months, so at least I'll finally know what's wrong with me.   All my goals in my life where with that girl. She's my everything, and she's seeing another guy tomorrow. I don't want to go on anymore. I don't have enough of my antidepressants to kill myself with them, there's a big bridge near me so i think I'd rather get drunk and jump off that. I hate life."	sw
"Coming close now... For the last few days I’ve been thinking about commiting. Literally it’s the only constant in my head making any sense. I had everyone I wanted at one point and it’s all gone.  A girlfriend I loved but lost due to my anxiety and overthinking.  I could’ve been a dad but she had an abortion because I freaked out about being a young dad, and when I tried to make it up and say we should keep it my behaviour had already ruined it. I had a great job but I thought it was too demanding. I was wrong, I could have turned it into a great career.  I’m completely impotent and for a young man, well, I don’t feel like a man anymore. And that not down to my depression because even before this my manhood was failing me! I’ve had all the physical test and nothing apparently.  I’m at a point where everyone around me is successful and I’m just completely broken, I’m tired physically and mentally and just want this to be over.  I don’t feel I have a reason to live anymore"	sw
I’m almost done with school and I kind of feel lost. I am currently 4 weeks away from graduating with an associate of arts as well as an Esthetics (skin care) license. I am only 20 years old and don’t plan on continuing my education as I will finish a work force program through a community college. I have consistently been in school my entire life and am now currently working a full time job and finishing up my programs. I’m so ready to be done and know that in the end it will all be worth it but I have this weird sense of being lost because I don’t really know what life is like outside of being in school. I’ve always had to surround my life around it and having it suddenly be gone is kind of scary to me. Anyone have any advice or words of encouragement? 	cc
"I have a date Well, as the title says, I have a date... April 16th 2018, that’s when I’m committing suicide.   Allow to me to explain, Ive been suicidal since I was 12 (I’m turning 22 at the end of this year). My childhood was absolute garbage, I was emotionally abused by both my parents up until my parents separation in high school. I was bullied relentlessly in elementary school, suffered severe depression in high school, an eating disorder in high school, have seen a handful of different therapists for many different reasons, (depression, gender dysphoria, eating disorders etc.) and have had 0 help from any of them.   No matter what I do, no matter what help I try to get, or how I try to change, I always feel the same. Like I want to die, and it’s gotten to the point where I can’t handle it anymore. I can hardly afford my rent, and am at risk of getting evicted every singe month, I’ve been on and off addicted to cocaine since I turned 18, never had a single relationship, dropped out of college, there is absolutely nothing good about my life whatsoever, and there never will be.  I know I have friends and family that will be sad, but I don’t think any of them understand how hard I’ve fought over the past ten years to stay alive because of them, I can’t do it, I physically can not do it.   So there, I have a date. April 16th 2018. I’ve started writing out some letters to people I know will want an explanation, and now I just need to figure out how. Last time I tried overdosing on pills and sadly I lived, I need to try and think of a more efficient way. I’m thinking I’ll either jump off the bridge I cross on my way to work, jump in front of a car, or slit my wrists, I don’t know, I don’t care about pain, I know death is peaceful and I know this is what I want.   Bye "	sw
"I Wish I Did it All Those Years Ago I've been suicidal several times in my life. 3 and a half years ago I was ready to do it. I prepared everything and formulated the best way to go through with it. I got my kit and was about to do it. I was talked out of it. I regret not taking that step. ""It gets better"" they said. It got worse. Far worse. It doesn't seem like it will get back to being as bad as it was three years ago \(which is better than how things are now\). I regret not doing it from the bottom of my heart. I hope I can muster the courage again to take the only solution I seem to have left. Day after day I feel like I'm getting ready for it. My only hope now is to be able to pull it off without alerting anyone this time and that it won't be painful. "	sw
"Any musicians here? Hi, I was wondering if any musician lurks in here. I have a lot of questions to ask, or else I'll go crazy.   When did you start loving music that you decided to make a career out of it?   Where do you usually find motivation to make music?   Who are your influences?   Did you attend any concert? When and whose was it?   Any tips/tricks for newbies looking to make a career in this field?   "	cc
"I'm glad that my school's health class talks about mental health too I just wanted to say that I really like what my high school's done with the health class here. The class used to be a semester long, and was mainly on reproductive health. High school sex ed, you know the drill. But this year, they changed it to a year-long course on a wide variety of topics.    Now the class is called Health and Wellness, and while it still covers the old topics like sex ed, it also covers topics like healthy relationships, depression, and how to deal with stress. Today we began a unit on stress relief, and what are healthy ways to take care of stress in your life. Overall, I'm really glad that they decided to make these changes to the curriculum, I think it will benefit many students. I really enjoy the class, and I think this is a good change."	cc
"I need help URGENT!!!!   I have a friend who lives in Tulsa, Oklahoma Homeless living on the street I fear she might be suicidal No car because of this she doesn't have a job it's because her car busted. I don't know what to do I just fear for her safety  I want her to get the help she needs not just made to stay alive longer, not just to prolong her suffering I want it to end and I think this is fixable   Please pm me if you want more details I just don't want to be sharing her info with everyone but I fear for her safety."	sw
"Unemployed graduate, angry I can hardly be bothered to type. I'm 30 now, unemployed with a bachelors degree in physics. It is first class honours, the best grade possible in the UK but that counts for nothing apparently. I'm enrolled on a masters in nuclear science as there was nothing else to do, but I hate it and they're making my life hell. They don't like people with anxiety or depression and give me very little help. I'm doing the bare minimum and will probably have to interrupt my studies.  Anyway, I don't want to be studying, I want a good job. Lord knows I have tried. I kept getting rejected over and over again and now I'm 30 and still living in my childhood bedroom. I have no friends left and no girlfriend. I've done the same rubbish temp work for three years in a row and even that only lasts for three weeks.  I need money to move out and fix my acne scars. Maybe with my own place I can get a partner.  I need someone to take a chance on me and I'm getting so angry now.  My life has been at a standstill for years and I just don't know what I am suppost to do."	sw
"I'm sad because the stray cat I've been feeding might not come anymore I'm actually feeding 2 strays. One of them is basically a pet now since she stays in our yard and never leaves. The other has been following me home when I head back on my walk with the dog. I don't know where she stays cause whenever I turned around she was already behind me. She's got the cutest meow and gorgeous coat too, it was pretty much love at first sight.  She's already figured out where I live and somehow my walk schedule (it's pretty inconsistent.) I like to feed them after my walk since it's more convenient, but the past 2 days she's been expecting me before I even leave the house. And when I start walking she follows me. I didn't want her to walk all that way so on the first day I picked her up, put her in my yard and *ran*.  She tried to follow me for a bit but then I cut around the corner and lost her. She wasn't there when I came back :( Same thing today. I just figured she'd wait for me.  She's a really sweet cat. I hope she comes back, I'll feed her before my walk next time."	cc
"Found out that my gf cheated on me with a close friend yesterday. My girlfriend and I have been in a on and off ldr relationship for quite some time now. I seriously loved this girl, still do. She texted me yesterday saying that we needed to talk, and then told me that she kissed one of my closest friends yesterday. When I asked her why it happened and if she had feelings for him, she said that she did for both him and I, and that she was confused. I ended up confronting my friend about it, and yelled at him for an hour straight. God, it hurts so bad. I have no will to live at the moment, and I would honestly just end it all right now if I had the motivation to. I don’t see the point in being alive anymore. She was the only thing that made me see a future past my 18th birthday, the only thing that made every passing day bearable because I knew that she would be there. I can’t even off myself even if I tried, because both my psychiatrist and therapist told my mother to confiscate and hide any hazardous items in the house. I feel as though I can’t even tell my friends about this either, because I kept the last month of our relationship a secret, because I was scared that they would be angry with me when they found out that we were back together. I just want all of this to end."	sw
"Did you ever take a break from the internet/social media? How was it? Why did you take that break? I'm curious because right now I'm seriously considering taking a break from all social media like Instagram Twitter Facebook etc.   I'd also be able to concentrate on college as finals week is close, plus I'd have a lot more free time to do other cool things I enjoy a lot more than social media. Any advice?"	cc
"Hopeless Failure I honestly feel like I’m at the end of my rope. I’ve been depressed for years, and I had to drop out of college because of it. I tried going back this year but I can’t even start college again until I pay back my loans and it just seems insurmountable. My mom keeps “borrowing money” and on top of that she stole money from my bank twice and then plays the victim. Tells me I’m ungrateful and need to find my own place but I can’t because she’s taken over $1000 from me. I just feel like there’s no hope in sight and this string of events on top of this never ending depression and anxiety has just sent me over the edge. I have given myself a week, and if there’s no change I’m just going to kill myself. I feel like I’ve waited so many years, and I can’t keep continuing on with this burden. I feel like no one in my life cares, I have a narcissistic mother who steals from me and a junkie/alchy for a father. I don’t want to be in my thirties ten years from now still feeling this way. I feel like there is no “it gets better” for me. "	sw
"I’m lonely and scared I’m 18 and never had a legit girlfriend. I’ve talked to girls but nothing ever got serious. I feel l’m never going to be able to have somebody to Love and I’m terrified. I’m painfully shy so it’s hard for me to just go up to a girl and have a normal conversation. I don’t see myself ever finding the love of my life, and I’m the only one to blame. It makes me sick to my stomach especially watching so many movies about love knowing I’ll probably never have that feeling. I just want to love someone unconditionally, man. "	sw
"I hate waiting in the hall before a job interview while all of the employees come back from their break I always feel so lonely, waiting for a job interview and seeing all the employees come back and forth in the hall, all talking and gossiping. It’s like we both know they’re on the good side while I’m just waiting "	cc
"Everything I wanted at this point is happening! You know the typical Senior year of college where you get engaged to your boyfriend, you get job offers. I always wanted that but I didn’t think it would happen. I just always thought that layout was so perfect. It would feel like everything in life is coming together. I switched my major and am graduating at 20 with my bachelors, so the switch made graduating come a lot sooner - I was prepared and happy for it but it’s like wow this is really happening this soon! I switched to Computer Science which I’m still extremely new at. But I went to an interview yesterday morning, and they gave me an intern position on the spot! It’s a good paying internship that can last around 6 months, and they like to hire interns after if there’s an opening. I’m planning on doing the best I can so I can get a permanent position there. If not, the internship opens doors for other jobs since it shows I have experience. Plus my boyfriend and I are planning on getting engaged soon, and married in a few years or so. It’s so crazy how things are happening just how i wanted them too, and I’m just super excited about it."	cc
"I can’t take it anymore. I’m in the home stretch of my senior year in high school and I have lost all motivation to continue living. I’m tired of being treated like trash by everyone around me, and I don’t think I can handle the stress anymore."	sw
"I want to kill myself I don't think I can ever go on. Please help My sons father went out tonight and won't answer my calls or texts I'm at home with our son. All he does it drink smoke weed and talk shit about me with his mom. I can't anymore I love him but all he does is call me a whore and tell me how I don't really love me and he's constantly rough with me, I hate my self tonight I've just had enough I want to kill myself but I don't want my son to find me dead please someone help me please please "	sw
"My laziness is destroying my life I can just spend hours doing nothing but browsing the internet and doing jack shit. I'm still young I can still do something. But what IS WRONG WITH ME WHY WON'T I DO ANYTHING. I'm fucking worthless, how do i fix my retarded brain.   I'm literally too lazy to get a job and buy a .45 ACP to end it. But maybe if i destroy my life enough I will do something desperate like jump off a building."	sw
Tried to do it last night I drank a bit of booze and took a whole bottle of my meds but my wife got me to the hospital before I died.   The only thing I keep thinking is that I wish I had taken the muscle relaxers too because then I'd be gone for sure. I won't make the same mistake twice.	sw
"How do you help a stubborn friend? My friend has been messaging me, telling me she's frustrated because she had to redo a research task, an assessment due to not having enough detail.  She has to finish an assessment that is due tomorrow (but honestly we get a lot of breaks, like trust me I love having a break, I was known in school for asking when break was but we get way more than we need. I use one of my breaks to study each day in the library and I still get enough food, I go and socialize with people and it's cut down on my time at home a lot) we also get offered free study help on multiple days (in which she's told me she should go to the one I go to, but she never shows up. It's a one on one free tutor) and my teacher gives us a bunch of time in class to get bits of the assessment done, so really she should have majority of it done)   We also have an exam coming up, and she told me she hasn't studied for it at all (it's a completely different topic to the assessment) I told her she should start at least doing flash cards and she said to me ""No I need to get this assessment done""    Now I know the rotating work theory doesn't work for everyone, but her focusing on one task clearly puts her behind with her other work and makes her not preform as well (she is smart and capable) so I told her she needs to start rotating work so she can get bits of each done and she just refuses. But then she complains to me that she's behind in everything.   I said to her ""this an an example. I am going to do this for 30 minutes than this for 30 minutes, then take a little break, then this for 30 minutes and so on"" her reply was ""no I'm not doing that""  She tells she doesn't have enough time, but honestly half of the time on our breaks she just sits on her phone and does nothing, she eats at the other breaks. She doesn't even really talk to people when she's on her phone.  Mind you she doesn't have a job, she doesn't do chores and honestly I have a lot less time to get things done than she has. She complains that she never gets to go out for dinner or enjoy stuff yet I do stuff around the house, I go out and I get all my work done as well   Is there anyway I can help her?  "	cc
How do i kill myself with a belt Please dont talk me out please just help me	sw
I just got a wrong number text message from a person I don't know but their contact exists in my phone. I just got a random text message from someone asking to verify if I still want my items on hold and the text is signed with that person's first name.  This person's first and last name are showing up at the top because they are a contact in my phone.  I thought I was just brain farting and replied that I was embarrassed that I didn't remember them.  She replied saying sorry wrong number.  I questioned about the contact being in my phone.  She verified her last name but we both have no idea how her contact info is in my phone.  I thought this may be some sort of new advanced hacking/spamming/marketing but after googling her name and number it really doesn't seem like it.  What a weird thing to happen.  Creeps me out a little.	cc
"I wanna meet new people You can talk to me about anything, no need to be shy. If you need advice or just wanna talk about anything really, im here. I dont mind not saying anything either if you want and u can rant away. ive been told im a great listener.    Edit: You can add me on discord if you want (pm for name)"	cc
i felt like i was drowning i went to my room and dropped all of my things after school and just started quietly crying. it was the ugly crying where all your makeup runs down your face but you can’t make a noise because you don’t wanna worry your family. i was so ugly crying but i couldn’t stop and the company of my two dogs couldn’t help. i felt the urge to cut and just suffer so i ran to the bathroom and turned on the shower as hot as i could.  i went in and got a razor to my thigh and i couldn’t stop crying but i knew that it would be ugly and scar so i stopped before i could and just threw it and fell down in the shower. i couldn’t stop crying and i just stopped breathing and let the water devour me. the hot water helped me calm down and i just sat there for a solid hour just drowning myself.   i eventually finished my shower routine and here i am in bed now. i’m calm but still crying and hurting but at least my two dogs are here with me. 	sw
"What happens if you go to the ER in Canada with suicidal thoughts? I have been planning an attempt. If my husband realizes what is going on with me, he may call 911 as our marriage counselor has instructed him to do so if he is concerned about my safety.   Does anyone know what happens when you end up in the ER with suicidal thoughts? My greatest fear is being prevented from carrying out my plan and having to deal with the embarrassment of my family and employer/colleagues finding out (e.g., if I miss work). "	sw
"Isn't it crazy how one can feel so lonely in a world with 7.6 billion other people? I have friends, I have lots of them. I can talk to any of them at nearly any time of day, yet here I am sitting here typing this instead of reaching out to one of them, because I know that even if I reach out, I'll still feel lonely. Why is that?"	cc
"Hopeless I’ve always been the type to overcompensate to try keep people around me, id be anyone but me because my opinion on myself is that low that no one would like me for me. I’m currently 21 and feel all I’ve had to offer, I’ve given and I’m reaching my limit, I’m not saying that my reason for wanting to end things revolves around the lack of company in my life, but it’s definitely contributing. I grew up with a turbulent family life, my dad died 8 years ago and that’s probably where things really went downhill for me, because it left me with loads of regrets. I don’t talk to family about my problems because they have their own lives, own families, own problems to deal with, so there’s just no time for me really. I feel super useless in life and maybe I’m just a waste of oxygen, a waste of resources, I don’t know I’m just not what the world wants or needs"	sw
"Why do so many movies have 'casual' nudity when it serves no purpose, can't even watch classics with the kids!? () All I wanted to do was watch some classics from when i was a kid, like the old Chevy Chase Vacation movies. Nope, boobies. lol  Why do so many movies, especially from 80's/90's that are sort of 'family' movies, have nudity in them where it serves no purpose in the story? "	cc
"Tell me your quirky/werid habits I listen to my horoscope tarot card reading each month on Youtube.  I dont believe in tarot readings, in fact, I only listen to them because theres this one tarot reader on Youtube that makes the reading interesting, like shes telling a story that Im part of...plus I get ASMR tigles from the sound of the cards shuffling.  What are your habits?  "	cc
"I want to kill myself I’m in a relationship with someone who I don’t deserve. We recently went on vacation together and on a couple of the nights, I became super moody and depressed. She told me she still enjoyed the vacation after I apologized, but I know she’s lying to spare my feeling because she knows I’m sporadically suicidal. I ruined a vacation she needed after working a couple of 80 hour weeks because I’m a selfish piece of shit. I need to end it all to get her out of this so she can be with someone else who is competent at life.  Twist: I’m way too much of a coward to actually do it now even though it’s time :(. I can’t picture my poor mom having to go through this. Once my parents are dead, I’ve made a promise to myself to kill myself no matter what to atone for my past deeds like this. Can’t wait."	sw
"I can't end it Not that I'm scared or not willing to suffer the pain to end myself. I'm scared about what will happen with the people around me that love me and care about me. I don't know what to do. I want to end it all and get this over with, but I can't, simply because I care about my family members too much."	sw
"Important meeting tomorrow - I might be punished. So tomorrow I have a meeting. Not going to say what my group (group at work) have done.. but lets just say it was stupid enough to grab the attention of the CEO of the company, who now wants to come to our branch to have a chat with us. We are all litterly crapping our pants right now, as tomorrow's meeting can go several ways.  (A) We get fired  (B) We are assigned to new groups (this is the option we are hoping for)  OR  (C) We simply get yelled at by the most powerful man in our company   Wish me luck people D: "	cc
"Happy Thursday! Congratulations! You made it past hump day. I would give you all a cookie if that was even remotely feasible. (My estimate is that it would cost me £8,562,300 to buy each of you a cookie. This is an enormous subreddit...)  What are your tips and tricks to making the week more bearable? I like to break my days down into more manageable chunks. Makes the whole thing a lot less daunting, it feels more productive and time tends to pass quicker :)"	cc
"I want to kill myself but am scared of what comes after. Really young single dad, going through a divorce with a women who is a meth addict and just want to die. I’ve taken anti depression meds, anti psychotics, anti anxiety (benzos), add meds (amps), and nothing helps me feel better. Everything is so foggy and I don’t even know if this is real. My child would be better off with my parents. My child loves them and would have a two parent home instead of a dad who could never be good enough. There is a reason I have no friends and no one talks to me. I fucking suck. Anyway I’m ranting. I just really wish someone could tell me what the fuck comes after this. So I at least know before."	sw
"I have no reason to suicide myself, but I want to Rip lol"	sw
"The choice of what I should and shouldn’t do I’ve suffered from anxiety and depression throughout my childhood, ptsd being the catalyst to my fall. Some time in middle school I was introduced to self harm and since then, in one way or another, I’ve harmed myself. Starving, cutting, bruising, scratching, punching, etc. It was an outlet, it was the only way I knew how to cope...  Therapy helped with some aspects of my illness from when I was five years old to now sixteen, but that didn’t mean the pain has stopped. I’ve learned ways to conceal the pain, how to make it go away in a healthy manner but the problem never went away.  I’m going through a new hurdle in my life, something I’ve never experienced and now I don’t know how to handle the situation. A silly teenage relationship that bloomed into the biggest problem I’ve faced in my life. The panic attacks don’t stop, the crying continues, the bad thoughts hoard my mind-  “Let’s go to that bridge up the street. The police still haven’t found that girl those two men threw over, maybe they won’t find you either”  Stop  “Remember in the 6th grade when you wrote a suicide note to your family and parents? Remember that park on the beach side of the lake? Hang yourself on the play equipment like you said you would”  No-  No?   I don’t know what to do and I don’t know how to handle my emotions. The crying isn’t stopping and the occasional thought of killing myself is a constant flicker in the back of my mind and I can’t focus on anything...   Whatever happens, I’m sorry."	sw
"If you need someone to talk to, I’m happy to chat I’m new to this subreddit. Since finding it I’ve scrolled through some posts and I’ve seen a few that I can relate to and empathise with.   Posts where redditors are opening up about feeling lonely and down, feeling overwhelmed or needing guidance.   I have had some hard challenges in my life where I’ve needed a person to give guidance, support or just listen.   Many different things helped me. I joined groups of people with similar interests, I made new friends at work by opening up about who I am and what I’m into and I worked at those friendships (I.e; I made a conscious effort to be a good friend) which strengthened them over time.   I know it’s not that easy and there is a lot more granularity to what I did, but this post was not meant to be an essay.   I know how hard it can be; With that said, if you ever feel this way and just want to chat, send me a PM! I’m happy to be there  Everyone needs a friend and if a random Reddit stranger can be that for a short period, I’m happy to be that.  If you are feeling really low where you feel you need more serious help / prevention then please call the suicide helpline, the Samaritans or see your Doctor / GP."	cc
"I was pleasantly surprised by Fortnite's Save the World (PvE) mode.... edit: I am* pleasantly surprised. ;-]   Thought I would post this here as I think the /r/FORTnITE subreddit would just be an echo chamber.  I played a bit of the Battle Royale mode that everyone's crazy about, but I could never see the fun in dying 99 times out of 100 (provided everyone is on the same skill level). Furthermore, there is just something so disappointing about building a fort, being killed a sniper that you couldn't even see far away, and having that fort vanish into the depths of instance hell.  On a whim, I decided to try out Save the World. I wasn't expecting such a cartoony shooter to have such fleshed out skill trees, crafting/building systems, and a wide array of diverse-looking characters. Unlike PvP, your forts actually matter for a longer amount of time, and in some cases, your base stays as it was when you built it in earlier quests.  A few hours in and I'm still in over my head trying to figure out keybinds and faster ways to build. This mode really is a hidden gem if you're into quick-paced base-building and horde-fighting. Once the whole game becomes free-to-play later this year, I can imagine a lot of players having fun in the PvE mode!  Anyone else try Save the World?"	cc
"After two years I finally got back into my original Reddit account. Woohoo! I could not for the life of me remember the password to this account. It was made before I made all my passwords the same, but I GOT IN. This account shares the alias that I use for all my online gaming and such so it’s name is kind of special to me. I had two other accounts that were basically copies but I couldn’t see the posts I had saved when I was new to reddit and I to Minecraft and such.   I’m so happy I remembered the login to this. Seems kind of random to a lot of you probably, but it’s really important to me and I wanted to share. Cheers!"	cc
I dont feel like living. Im just existing Hi my name is javen im 14 from singapore and im autistic recently i have have few problems and its made me think. Why? Why me? Why am i always wrong? Why cant i be like others? I dont really feel....alive anymore i... just feel like a ant when someones sees me i just get smacked and its all over..i dong feel like im living life like the way most of the people live i feel like im just... existing if i cant go back on track and not feel like im alive again i might just.. be a bitch and end it all. Im like an canvas that is empty im a canvas with out any contents no life just a plain old canvas waiting to rot i have no life no colors no friends. Im really depressed every night i cry thinking why? Why am i born? Why tourture me? My parents dont seem to care about me anymore they just ignore me i havent went school in 4 months already and i feel that no one... no one loves me anymore i am in a mess i just sleep at 3am play games till 9pm and repeat it everyday for the 365days of my life. I feel like no one will ever love me not a girl or even my parents i just want someone to love someone to talk to someone i can trust someone that loves me. Well thanks for passing by probally planning to leave home or something cya have a nice day!	sw
"Reality is reality. I just watched Ready Player One and this line by James Halliday struck me. He created the Oasis cos he struggled with the real world, but reality is reality. It’s something one has to face. I’ve been buried in nostalgia (it’s my way of coping) and tend to physically isolate myself, but that line reminded me that I have to live in the real world, no matter how terrifying and painful it can be.   My friend consoled me with this: *the real world is savage, but it’s where life happens.*"	cc
"Somehow I’m a comedian now Throughout my childhood and teen years, none of my jokes ever landed (except with family- but they were kinda obligated to laugh I guess). *I* was fairly proud of most of my attempts at humor, but the most I could ever count on eliciting from other people was a pained groan or eye roll. “Heh funny” was rare but welcome, and “haha funny” was never even an option.  As I grew older and less awkward, I started noticing that people enjoyed my humor a little more, but it still never really took off.   Fast forward to now: my colleagues and I are in our 30s with kids and beer guts, and suddenly everything I say is sidesplittingly funny. I’ve heard some form of   >Dude where do you even come up with this shit? You’re fucking hilarious!”  twenty or thirty times in the last couple of months, and I’ve finally realized my dream of being a casual comedian.  MFW I realize I’ve been telling dad jokes for 25 years and just had to wait to find the right audience.  It almost makes all those wedgies worth it."	cc
I'm finally getting better at driving! I've had my beginners license for a few months now but I was always nervous about driving. I just enrolled in driving school and I'm (very slowly) improving! What was your driving experience like? I wanna hear your stories!	cc
"Your favorite omelette topping I have always been good at making omelettes. Whether cheese and ham, or spinach, or just cheese. I love omlettes. I also like baked eggs. With cheese, salt and pepper bake at 400, 25 minutes.  Eggs are very versatile "	cc
Since I see I lack the guts to do it myself I wish I had a fucking accident. That would be the best way to go because no one would ever know I wanted to be dead. Life is not worth it. 	sw
"The Struggle of life It's always a great feeling when your depression hits hard, and forces you to skip classes ,skip eating, miss work, and lose your friends. Life is great "	sw
"The reason i consider my suicide reasonable Most of you will just get offended by this title or text but i just wanna be honest. I have a twin brother. We both got tested as highly intelligent several times which put a high pressure on us become something oustanding. So he became a lawyer with one of the highest degrees in his state. The only thing he has to worry about is his twin (me). Same for my mom (doctor in medicin) and my sister (doctor in biology). My dad killed himself when i was 2 years old. Yet hear i am. Sitting on my 27year old me. I got my a-level but thats all. I never felt the drive to reach for any targets. For me it was allways about surviving lifes circumsstances. So today i got a letter from my bank telling me to pay back 5k dept in 14 days otherwise they will ‚force me to‘.  It was kind of the last drop that made me give up. I was at a hospital last year when i attemted to suicide but survived and it felt like a turning point in a positive way. But right now i lost that little bit of power that was left. I just feel like my family should stop suffering by all that worries they put into me every day.  I wasted my talent, i wasted my youth. I just survived day by day. Using sleeping pills every night. To be honest, i think in 2 years from now if i commit suicide everybody will be better then they are now even tho they will have a hard time first.  I lost my drive which a had (i was an actor, a decent football player, great in making money iin different ways). Now its more like im waiting for that one accident. Maybe that sleeping pill that is to much. I stopped eating, stopped drinking. I take the risk only for the reason not to „intentional“ commit suicide and let the accident happen. I appreciate to have experienced the miracle of living on this beatiful planet but im just over it. There is no power left. No effort to step up and use my potential. So this is somewhat a last call for maybe an advice what i might have missed trying out to not leave this world and live a decent life if i wake up tomorrow (which i dont hope) Im sorry for my words, i really am. Cause they are just destructive. But thats the state i am at. Right now i took several sleeping pills and some other stuff that could not make me wake up and eventually let me sleep forever. I enjoied this community and it helped me to make the past years. There is this tiny hope of someone comes up with a good point i might have missed. May god bless you all and forgive myself that i didnt appreciate  my talent and life.  I fucked up. Doctors couldnt help, pills couldnt help. Peace and love to all of you guys. I know many out there feel like me but they are stronger to reach that turning point. Right now i dont feel like it and i really tried. Probably this destructive post gets deleted. To everyond who reads it before: Take care of yourself, try your best till the very end. If there is a life after one dies i hope it will work out better for me.  To my mom, my brother and sister: I am deeply sorry, i messed up. All i feel is a huge shame on my failures. I love you more then anything. Take care. Ill be with you forever and ever. Last words for my twin (he got an extra note of course): Im so proud of you. We are the same. I know you will struggle the most and i know you are strong enough to make it. I love you so much. Ill be watching you forever. We will meet in another life, im sure. Love and hugs to you - Im so sorry."	sw
"So tired of everything I hardly ever leave my house anymore because I don't have a license/car and I have an infant and it's been too cold to take him outside for walks. The only time I leave my house is when I go with my mom to the store.  I have no job because I'm unable to get one due to my really bad anxiety. I babysit for my sister almost every day of the week and that's how I get money even though im seriously underpaid. Her children and mini Satans and I can't stand watching them anymore. It makes me so sad and angry and irritable whenever I have to watch them and i can't wait until they leave. Having to watch them is making me start to resent them and I don't want to not like them but i can t help it anymore.   I have absolutely no friends. The only person I interact with besides my nephew/niece and  son is my mom and she's hardly ever home anymore. I'm left home alone most of the day when I don't babysit. I feel like I'm trapped all the time and I can't take it anymore. I'm so fucking lonely and I can't really do anything about it.  I keep thinking I'm over my ex and then I have random days where I cry a lot because of him. He basically has nothing to do with our kid so I'm raising him on my own which gets to be too much at times when I just want ten minutes to myself and can t have that. I love my son and love being with him but it would be great to have like an hour to myself for once. My ex has a new girlfriend now and that depresses me at times and I can't help but think of what he's probably doing at the moment and that it could be me instead of her with him  My thoughts are a mess all the time and are all over the place. I feel like I'm losing my mind and every day it gets worse.   The loneliness and being trapped in my house and watching my sister's kids are all getting to be way too much for me and it's killing me. I don't know what to do.  If I didn't have my kid, I'd probably have tried to kill myself by now to be honest.   I'm only 20 so I'm hoping that things will get better and won't always be depressing like they are now but I honestly don't think anything will ever get better   I'm so fucked up from my kid's dad because he always beat the shit out of me and mentally abused me so bad and cheating on me and so many other horrible things and I can't get past that either      I don't think there's any hope for me anymore."	sw
"well this is it im sorry. i cant keep going. everyone says to live for the future,  even ive said it. but the future isnt real. the past and the present are, and theyre fucking shit. i would have saved everyone so much trouble if i had done it right the first time. but im too much of a coward to kill myself right.  the love of my life, the only person i will ever, ever love left me more than a year ago. shes clearly moved on (not hard to date better people than me im shit) but i havent. and i never will, whether i live or die, i never will. she was it for me. i dont know how or when exactly, but im finally going to make the best decision of my life and kill myself. god just let it be fast, im too tired of the pain of living, so at least let death be quick and painless. because god, youve abandoned me even when i beg for mercy. so at the very least you owe me a quick death. im sorry, but i cant do it anymore."	sw
"20. 6month+ illness. Suicidal and going insane I've been isolated at home for 6 months+. My illness causes me trouble to think, speak or move properly so that's why i'm isolated,. This feeling of FOMO is insane. So many opportunities that was brought out to me, wasted.    I was such an optimistic person whom spent everyday not wasting time and self-improving. But after seeing how people really are once you're really on the lowest lows, its like i lost interest in people and life in general. People always crave the positivity, and run like mouses from any negativity they sniff. Whats the point in getting people in your life anyways?  Recovering soon probably but really... Its hard to get back up from here. Why me god, why. Such a selfish world we live in, everyone's out for themselves... "	sw
"A few weeks ago I posted about submitting a financial aid appeal after failing out of college due to depression. This morning I got the email that it was approved! I’m going back to school!!! I’m so excited. I’m finally going to go back to school and finishing what I started. After years of depression and self harm (about a year clean) and feeling terrified that I’d never end up doing anything with my life...I feel like I’m getting a fresh start (kinda). I probably won’t graduate until I’m 26 and will be older than most of the people in my classes but who cares. I’m gonna turn 26 anyway, so might as well get a degree in the meantime. Now to brush up on my math so I don’t fail my first class and lose my financial aid all over again. Haha  Also, bonus excitement: I got an offer for a part time job to support me through school, so today I also get to go to my jerk boss and tell her I’m quitting. Woohoo!"	cc
I think im going to die tonight i dont even have anything to say this time  bye i guess	sw
"Need help with books for a young kid with suicidal thoughts A 19 year old, who is fairly geeky and intellectual (loves physics, astronomy etc) has become suicidal. Says he finds existence meaningless and with no purpose. Can you guys suggest any books that are not religious, that can help him give a purpose or meaning to his life? He will reject self-help books outright. They have to to be in the realm of physics, quantum, science etc. Asking desperately."	sw
"I know how to do it now One failed past attempt. Constant envisionings of how it will go. Next time I'm confident.  1. Will quickly drink close to 1 liter of whiskey (numb pain and inhibitions); 2. Will partially fill bath with water and sit in it; 3. Wrap belt around something then yank at it with mouth; 4. Blindfold eyes; 5. Wield carpet knife, and slice wrists deeply open; 6. Bleed out into bathtub.  7. Fin.   I'll prepare notes whilst sober, reminding me not to contact anyone once I'm drunk. The flat/apartment will be empty. If the carpet knife doesn't work I may break a glass or bottle and use that.  All's well I'll have completed this before Friday 13th. "	sw
"Having a bad night? I’m here to listen! Howdy all! I’m here to listen to your problems! I love love love trying to help people out whenever I can, so if you’re struggling please message me! I don’t judge anyone so whenever is eating away at you, I’m here to listen!   If your interested in knowing some stuff about me here’s a few random facts.   1: I’m 20  2: I’m a volunteer fireman 3: I have a labradoodle!  "	cc
"I draw a Snoo Title says it all :), I got a bit bored so I draw a Snoo that just recently dropped his phone and now he's just sitting there contemplating life   https://imgur.com/W5hVOBe.png  I probably got way too much time on my hand..."	cc
"I cannot fathom the love my mom has for me. This past weekend, I went home and my mom paid $2k off my debts. I saw one of her accounts, and she had around $2.4k. Instead of just paying in the hundreds or half and keep most to herself, she paid all $2k and now has around $400. I know my mom doesn’t have a lot of money on her. She even told me I have more than her as a college student. I looked at her other accounts and they were all in the low hundreds.   This unfathomable act of compassion, love, and kindness from my mom really hit me because even I wouldn’t do that to myself. I can’t even begin to comprehend it. This really put me in perspective about how incredibly deep my mom’s love towards me and how much she’s sacrificed because of me. It makes me feel like a horrible daughter for not appreciating her enough. I really don’t deserve her.   Thank you mom. I love you. "	cc
"I have trouble saying ""asked"" I can say ""ask"" just fine, but it's very difficult for me to say ""asked"" without saying ""axed"". It doesn't seem to flow well so I always end up using another word, when possible. "	cc
"There is no reason for me to stay. I have reached a point where I couldn't possibly think of a reason to stay, or anything, have reasons to leave early actually.  There is noone to truly care about me. My father was never truly there for me, drank, abused my mother, used me, lied to me. Typical narcissist.  My mother, the last one I loved, mocked me, humiliated me for self harm and feeling like shit, made it about herself.   And I suddenly realize, I've always been alone. I thought at least my mother would care, but apparently not. I can never see her in the same light again, believe she loves me. I've been lied to again. If anything, she'd probably feel no remorse to hit me again from here on.  My ""friends"" are all immature, fake bugs that pretend to care for the sole purpose of not starving as a loner, and keeping up a good outer image. I've always been introverted, but the few I let take part in my life for a bit were never genuine.  With only 14 years old, I'm already mentally ill to extents I disconnect from reality, live inside my head, can't control my anger, suffer from ptsd, dpdr and depression. I'm going to end up as some miserable, pitied adult that is fucked because of her child and teen years. I've already done so many mistakes.  Anything could happen to me. I could win a million euros, win 50 competitions, whatever. But I finally realized, that I live based on lies, abuse, and illness.  With noone to care, no future to look forward to, and a mind broken, I see no reason to be in any more pain. My dogs will die, which will absolutely kill me off, my relationships worsen, and my years of absolute isolation as an adult draw closer.   To put it short, it can only get worse. It'd be nice to at least go before everything is on fire."	sw
"When a twitch stream is the perfect size to still be active, but small enough to still have a full conversation with the steamer and chat is amazing. I've been in [nicroveda's speedruning stream](https://www.twitch.tv/nicroveda) for a while and it feels great when he actually reads and responds to my comments. Feels weird to say lol, but that almost never happens in bigger steams. Very chill steam :)   Who's your favorite streamer?"	cc
It all just keeps getting worse I am useless. I can't finish the last paper I have for school and the semesters almost at an end. Met yet another guy who's happy to act like we're dating but won't actually date me. I feel so worthless and unloveable. I lash out at everyone. I say incredibly idiotic shit all the time. I'm fat and ugly af. I hate absolutely everything about myself.  I'm meeting a guy to by some Oxys tonight.... I think once I have them it'll be easy to just act impulsively 	sw
"What’s the best thing that happened to you today? I finished my last midterm for this semester! It was stressful but worth it. I’m usually not too great at essays, but I felt pretty solid? Of course I was allowed a “cheat sheet,” but I was able to transition smoothly from topic to topic in a way that wrapped it all up nicely in the end. "	cc
"Does anyone wish life were just a little more manual and non-digital? I try to remember the little nuances of life offline, but I've basically grown up with technology since I was six years old and I'll probably never have to ask for much help that my computer can't provide. I wish I could again see a year where I am thrilled and amazed beyond belief at technological advancements in consumer computers.  The last time I was actually surprised at anything was when Google Earth came out and it blew me away that I could see cities I've never been to down to the street view. I also thought that wireless remotes were super cool and was super insistent on getting the new Wii (I was 8 at the time) What was your most exciting experience with new technology?"	cc
"Anyone wanna talk? I'm bored and basically have no friends so I'm trying to make friends, I don't exactly feel comfortable talking with people that are 25 or older since I'm only 14.. Pm me if ya wanna talk?"	cc
"I finally got a Switch I've been wanting to get a Switch for the past couple of months but I never had the funds to pay for it. Recently, I started my paid internship and decided to buy one when I could afford it. I still had to wait a while cause I gave my first paycheck to my parents (Asian tradition...I think?). But I finally saved enough money for it. It's been a bit stressful in school lately so I wanted to treat myself. I went with my boyfriend to Gamestop today and bought a used switch since it was a bit cheaper. He offered to buy the game and he didn't let me take no for an answer. I wanted to get Breath of the Wild but I knew that he really wanted to play Mario Odyssey so I chose that so we could play together. He has had a lot of stress too lately. Besides, I can always get BotW when my next paycheck comes in. I just wanted to tell you guys my good news for today since this is such a nice subreddit. Hope you guys have a great Easter! "	cc
"What do you do after you feel discouraged? Hi, well to start off I didn't have much of a good week this week. It was decent in a sense, but I've been really down. It started off with me giving a presentation in my class. As part of my requirements for school, we have to record ourselves doing clinical mental health therapy with someone and present it to the class. Well, I did that and afterwards my presentation was torn apart. Only one person in my class had something positive to say about it. My professor even said that maybe this field isn't meant for me.  I won't lie (since it's the internet anyway) but this whole ordeal has really dampen my mood this week. I felt discouraged and unhappy. Here I was placing 4 years of of my life, working two jobs trying to pay for school and bills, taking care of family members while at the same time not being able to spend time with them, doing homework and meeting deadlines. And here I am hearing that after these intense 4 years, that maybe I should switch to something else. It was hard to heat and I had all these dreams and goals lined up after I graduated with my degree.   Now, I don't know what to do with my life. I'm honestly feeling a bit worthless. I've tried several different career paths and interests (doctor, lawyer, teacher, dentist, geneticist, etc.) And I wasn't particularly good at any of them. Here I found something I enjoyed and felt I could see myself doing to impact people's lives positively. Now, it's not the career for me.   After seeing everyone else I've graduated with and younger than me feel complete in their lives. I'm feeling lost and confused.   What are some suggestions whenever you feel down and discouraged? "	cc
"Up and Down I'm 21 and I'm selfish. This isn't my first time considering suicide. I've thought about it many times before. But I've noticed a pattern in my life. Things always seem to go well for a couple months and then something in the universe has to kick me back down again. It feels like an endless loop of happiness and satisfaction straight to a downward spiral of depression and anxiety. But every time I go down, it feels worse.  Recently I've lost my job as it was in sales and it was a performance based job, and I couldn't keep my numbers up. Now I should also mention that I used to be an avid pot head. My personal opinion is it's better than alcohol. However that point is neither here or there. But now I can't find a job. I could go in and find some position that doesn't require drug testing but I'm already miserable with my thoughts alone and I'd rather not be miserable doing my job. I understand it's me being picky, but regardless, I have some standards. But often those standards seem impossible to meet.  Maybe I can see more negative things when I'm depressed but it seems like life has to kick me when I'm down. Car now needs fixed, I need rent money but can't find a good enough job. And it's all falling on me. Because there's no one to blame but myself.   Here's one of the big reasons I'm selfish. I grew up in a very strict Catholic household. However for about 10 years I've been an athiest, meaning I don't believe in any after life. So when I die, I'm dead. Which makes suicide a hell of a lot easier to consider. Once I'm dead I won't have a ""guilty conscience"" of leaving anyone behind. And honestly it seems like the more I think about suicide the more enticing it sounds. I know it would tear my family apart if I were gone, but then again, here I am thinking to myself that it won't matter to me because I won't have any consciousness. So I end up asking myself almost every day ""Am I ready?"" And I feel like I get a little bit closer to saying yes every time."	sw
"I have an interview tomorrow, any tips for me?! Hi all!  So I’ve been working at my current position for a little over a year and half. I’m in a leadership role on second shift.  A QA position opened up in my building (it’s a huge campus that spans a good portion of a big county) and I was called for an interview. Only 5 people are being interviewed for the position.  I haven’t wanted anything this bad in a long time, and I don’t want to mess it up.  My fiancée works first shift and I have to work every Saturday so seeing her is hard, this job could be a miracle for me!  Some backstory, my parents and fiancée work at the same company in different departments.  The hiring manager knows my dad really well, which I don’t know if it’s a good thing since he can be a bit outspoken.  I don’t want my dad’s relationship with this manager to make it weird at all tomorrow for my interview. Maybe I’m just overthinking it. I don’t know! Nervous I guess.   Any talking points that any of you fine people have had success with in interviews?"	cc
"Tired of Fighting Well I have only posted a few times on Reddit, I feel this will be my most important post I'll ever make. I have been struggling with major depressive disorder and a slight bi-polar disorder for the past 10 years of my life. My mom was a severe alcoholic and often beat me. My father hardly showed me affection, and often just screamed at my mother. On top of this, I was severely bullied in grade school, resulting in my arm being broken. While I understand that other people have been through worse, and I sympathize with them, I feel like my life has no purpose. I am currently in college, about to finish a degree that I have no interest in. My girlfriend emotionally abuses me, and I'm starting to hate the relationship and I have little to no friends. Suicide has always been on mind, but I have tried to hold on and push through for years. Medicine, therapy, weight-lifting, non of it helped. I've reached the point where I don't think i'll ever make a bounce back. I just don't feel like my life has a purpose and I feel better knowing I can put a hollow point in my brain and be rid of it all.."	sw
"How do you feel about children in public places? For example, restaurants or coffee shops. I feel like kids shouldn't be trusted to behave in an environment where they can directly influence someone's enjoyment in a public environment. I don't think highly of parents who bring their 3-year-olds and just kinda leave them to their own devices while they eat and talk like they're not there. Meanwhile their children are running and screaming in the hallways of restaurants despite all the other people just trying to do their thing."	cc
"I just ran for the 5th time this month! This officially marks the first time I've done more than 4 consecutive runs. Usually I do like 2 or 3 over a week but then as soon as the aches and pains set in I just make excuses.  I'm faster on my mile/minute already by nearly a full minute and only stopped twice!   I've run in rain, cold, hot and at night. Finally feels like I'm ready to get properly fit and healthy and this time I'm actually excited to do it... I turned 30 in March and regret not having good fitness in my 20s but life goes on and forward is the only direction.   Run number 6 is on Wednesday and I'm already looking forward to it.  Anyone else start recently exercising?"	cc
I am 19 stories up That should do it.	sw
"I’m gonna do it this year. This place sucks. This world sucks. Nobody should have to live in this shit-hole of a society. Blessed is everyone who makes it through day to day and you are all my heroes for going through this life and eating the steaks even if they’re tough. But yeah I’ve lost all my friends, my family is shit, my siblings are better than me. I could keep living and rebuild my life. But I’m tired. I love you too, death. I’ll be searching for the easiest way to end my life, and thanks for reading. "	sw
"I think I'm finally at peace with the thought of dying I've been through a number of depressive episodes over the last couple of years and have considered suicide a number of times, but I think I'm finally ready to die. I just finished rewriting my suicide note. I plan on spending the Easter holidays with my family and a few old friends and when I come back to the town in which I currently live I'm going to finally put an end to my life and be at peace after so many years of trying to find a purpose to exist. I'm going to try to be as good and as helpful to as many people as I can over the next week. I don't think I was a good person during my life. My depression made me bitter and angry and I regret that now. I know one week can't fix that, but it's all I can do with the time I have left.   The purpose of this post is not to ask for help, I feel like I am finally ready to take the long nap at this point. I just wanted to wish all of you a lot of luck in finding your own purpose in this life and if you do find it, I hope you live a long and happy life, much longer than the one I had. :) "	sw
"The only thing keeping me alive is family The only thing keeping me alive is the thought of what my family would go through if I were to kill myself. With each passing day, it seems more and more likely that soon this won't be enough to stop me from acting. At a certain point, the constant sense of dread has to be more painful than the knowledge of what my death will do to them.  I can't enjoy anything in life. No matter what I do, depression looms in the background making sure I know that happiness is unattainable. I laugh at jokes; I watch tv shows; I play video games; I talk with friends; but it's all a show. I'm not actually happy.   I'm convinced depression is the psychological equivalent of cancer. It slowly destroys you from the inside. Some people respond to treatment, others don't. I am one of those who's unlucky enough to not be treatable. I've tried meds, therapy, groups, etc. None of it works. ""It gets better"". Does it? I'm tired of the generic one-size-fits-all bullshit advice. I don't think it's going to get better for me. I think I'm staying alive - I use 'alive' purely in the biological sense, I can hardly call what I do 'living' - just for the sake of others. At some point I need to do what is right for myself.  So, I don't know when or how, but I do know that my life will end soon. And honestly, I think that's okay. It will hurt people around me, but they will move on eventually. And I won't hurt anymore.  Thank you for reading."	sw
"I've finally let go of a long-time bad habit! I don't think I've cut my finger nails with a nail cutter in the past 10 years, used to either bite or break my finger nails off. Nail-biting was something I often did while studying or watching sports, and yes I was quite embarrassed about it.   However, for the past few months, I've kept my hands occupied with stress balls, and with dedication I've finally let go of the habit! My nails have naturally grown well, and my fingers finally look pleasant! "	cc
"just wanted to say goodbye. I am going to shoot myself. I am tired of being broke,i am tired of having no where to put my stuff,and I am  tired of living with my parents. No matter how hard I try I can't get ahead. "	sw
"Withdrawing from my medication Hello…  I’m not really at risk, but I do feel quite awful to the extent that it’s overriding my fear of posting. So…  Basically I’ve been severely depressed for years, with no drug or treatment making any real difference, until recently having to work and function independently pushed me so close to cracking completely that I came urgently under the care of a psychiatrist (I live in the UK so that is uh… serious? I mean that the waiting lists are huge and it’s uncommon for them to be too involved in a “mundane” condition like depression).   So, through a combination of them being extremely reasonable and kind, and my being a pharmacist, I was able to get on Nardil, which changed my life (it was like a genuine happy pill and felt like it gave me therapy too—it’s indescribable how effective it was and how thoroughly my thought processes changed).   Anyway, it’s a few months later and I have to come off it due to bad liver results. I’m down from 75mg to 30mg and it feels like a negative dose: I’m crying before I’m conscious, all I can do is be cocooned in bed, and I get into a terribly upsetting state when I’m Skyping with my girlfriend where I want to talk and be happy but I can barely say a word. The most minor and irrational things cause rumination and a plummeting mood, and I’m already stuffing myself with eBay lithium to take the edge off hahaha (it does stop the tears).   It feels like Flowers for Algernon in that I’m watching my capacity to be a happy or content person flow down the drain in front of me. I have hope, in that after a fortnight of no drug, I’m being started on Parnate instead, but in the meantime, this is ridiculous.   I’m not sure I’ll be able to respond to any comments but I am very grateful and, again, am really more just very sad than actively at any form of risk.   Thanks for your time!"	sw
"Thinking about going with another plan I hate my life. I have a bad headache, nobody is actually there for me and who would care. Like others people in my life they know that I always have a suicidal plan and I agree with them. More to say I guess. The same plan is buying the materials and then hang myself. I know and don't care that nobody will read this."	sw
"Having difficulty waking up in the morning. I just moved to a new apartment over the past weekend. It's a basement apartment, and even though there is a big window (and I mean huge), there is very little direct sunlight that comes through it. I usually try to wake up between 5:30 and 5:45 for work, but the past few days I've continually snoozed my alarm and not getting out of bed until 7:15. Last night I tried to put my phone further away from my bed, but when the alarm went off, I just grabbed my phone, snoozed it, and got back in bed. It's really frustrating to me, as I haven't really struggled with this to this extent since I got out of college.  Any tips on becoming someone who can get up with the first or second alarm?"	cc
Why not to do it Killing yourself doesn’t stop or end the pain it just will transfer it to other people. Do you want to put it on other people. I decided I can’t do bring this upon everyone else so I’m just gonna live with the pain. I walk through life every day emotionless like a zombie I have to sacrifice myself. I have to deal with the pain so others won’t. 	sw
Music=photo what? Ok so I commented on a thread yesterday about something I thought would be a little more common and maybe it's I have no idea.  I'm an amature musician and have a passion for pc gaming too. So it's fairly common to listen to music and play games at the same time that's basically a given tbh. However that's not my question. My question is does anyone else ever feel like there getting something I've nick names music triggered nostalgia. Ok hear me out I know it's a bit wierd and cheesy. I used to read a lot when I was younger and alot of the time I was reading I was listening to music usually one while album through to the end. Usually I'd listen to the album more than once while reading the same book. I also used to just listen to music doing basically everything too.  So sometimes Spotify will throw out one of the songs of those albums and it's like someone flicks a light switch on or opens a door into the plot of that book or the scene or activity I was doing at the time.   It's very vivid and I can sometimes even picture the lines of the book and what I depicted the scene as.  So in short I'm asking is there anyone that knows anymore about this or experiences this.  Thanks for reading it I know I'm not very good at writing clearly.	cc
"So this how it ends... : ( My heart is so broken...  i cant take this anymore , iam a failure and it hurts so much. İ was born in the wrong place i wasnt even belong in here . İ hate myself , just a failure nothing but a failure .. fuck this great big white world . İam sorry for my family because iam a biggest disappointment and failure , i will be the one fix that fucking mistake once for an all My biggest was being an rockstar guess it will never be ... Axl Rose is my favorite rockstar İ dont know if there is an hope ,if only i find some money , i want to change my fucking gender too...  İ will never find it anyway... İ will end this nightmare ... İ will plunge an fucking knife to my heart Or???...  İam sorry my family and my cat i have to do this    "	sw
"It comes and goes as it pleases. 40 minutes ago I was trying to overcome my anxiety and go down to the gym.   10 minutes ago I am in the apartment looking down and trying to pull myself over the fence;  surely I wouldn't be able to survive falling 20+ floors.   Right now I am just sitting here, looking down. Wondering what is the point of everything. Am I calm?  I don't even know. Why am I doing this. I don't fucking know.   But no matter how many times I look down from. the balcony and try to reach down, I always end up back in my room.   Time to suck it up and work on that assignment I have been putting off.   Doubtful that the teacher will accept 'I was feeling suicidal' as an excuse for passing up homework late.   ...Overwhelmed, would be a good word to describe me I think. "	sw
are there any good reasons to live dont you fucking dare say family my family is directly responsible for everything thats made me suicidal and they never do anything to help me i just want a reason to live all i can think of is my dogs and smash bros is coming this year those are my only reasons to live	sw
"Bridge May 6th Got rid of my things and put the time in at work. I'm relieved at the idea of my suffering ending but my stomach twists up thinking about jumping.   Never got over the childhood abuse or my brother's death. I've tried a hundred times to ask for help but I can't.  My friend today said I'm a depressing person and asked me if I liked being depressed. I went away and cried twice over it and hated myself for it because I was just proving him right.   My friends are normal and successful and whenever I think about asking them for help,  they'll say something carefree and heartwarming about their family and life. Here's how I picture it going:  ""Me and the kids played ghostbusters today! That's where I'm slimer and they chase me around.""  ""That's great buddy.  I want to kill myself, can you please help me?""  I know I'm burdening them every day they have to put up with me. I'm gonna do it soon and I won't say goodbye so I won't inconvenience them when they're putting their kids to bed or having dinner with their girlfriend or whatever things happy people do.    I hope they know I love them,  I never was good at communicating."	sw
What 80s movie will forever live on in your soul? Just curious to see how many of you have a special place in your heart for a movie of this era.  What makes it special to you? I was watching Big Trouble In Little China yesterday and could not have been in a better place.	cc
"Share your most beloved memories with your friends Last year I moved to a small town in Colorado to save some money and be near my family for a while. It's been nearly a year and, damn, i miss my friends. There are so few people around here, even fewer people who i click with, and even fewer that I click with and don't have families and such (so they have very little to no time to hang out.) So today is my birthday and on my birthday while I think lovingly of my friends, I'd love to hear your favorite, dearest memories/ stories about you and your best friends. Whether they be crazy, funny, unbelievable, or the kind that pull on the heart-strings, let's hear em. (I hope this post doesn't sound like i'm seeking sympathy. Though I am a little lonely, i think it's nothing some good reddit conversation won't fix)"	cc
"I finally got my GED! It's taken me two years to get here, and it took all of my power to not break down at the testing center. I'm just so excited, I have to share the good news!"	cc
Edgy Memes Every day under my breath I say “I wanna kill myself” about pretty much everything.  One day one of my friends was like  “You know for people with actual depression all you’re doing is trivializing how they feel”  I just said “I wouldn’t trivialize the way I feel silly!” And walked away.   As always on the inside I was screaming but that’s literally everything I do so it was more funny than anything.  	sw
"hi friends i am embarrassed i have to tell someone and idk where to post this but this seems good???  so last night i picked up my friend up but i did not know if i had already passed the place so i pulled into a small parking lot. after i texted her i realized that she was still down the street so i pull out of the lot and turn right!! very calm very normal and cool the light was like 50 ft away and this car drives directly into my lane and i’m thinking they want to turn into the parking lot too but THERE is the right lane right there why are you in my lane and i confidently honk like dude what are you doing and they just do not move... so i go around and make my right turn and pick up my friend!!!  later found out that it was a one way street and i’m the dummy :(  Tldr: i cannot see signs or arrows at night, apparently "	cc
"I'm finally going to put in my two weeks. The job I've been working has slowly been eating at me, to the point I almost cried when I got up. They've given me a really bad schedule and not listened to me saying certain days I can't come in. I have no clue what I'll be doing after this but I can't do this any longer. I'm sorry for basically complaining on here but I needed to put this out here.  Edit: I'm at work, I just have to wait for managers to show up. "	cc
"I’ve been trying to write music for years, but I think I have the worst case of writer’s block of all time. Been playing guitar since I was 15. I like to sit in my room and doodle around on the acoustic, but I find myself pretty much playing all the same chords. And I can’t seem to craft a decent melody once I do have a guitar part I like. Even if I can, I can never seem to write any decent lyrics that flow well with the melody and guitar.   Anybody here ever write music? Anyone good at it? Any pointers would be awesome. It’s endlessly frustrating for me 😞"	cc
"I feel if I can't beat my parents in terms of age at death then they have somehow beat me. Meaning I have to go on for decades to not let them win. Does that make sense or am I just being an arsehole. People die every day and they don't beat their parents in terms of age, but still it kills me to think they'd win one more victory if I check out now at this time in history.   On the other hand I hate my life and scream night and day so yeah maybe they'd still win if I don't die.   It just feels wrong to let them win but fuck I don't want to get to their ages either. Son of a bitch. "	sw
I'm a 470 pound gorilla. Poachers have been spotted in my area. I need ideas for escaping them. Just a little backstory I'm a Western Lowlands Gorilla who lives in Gabon near the Wonga reserve (on the coastline) and I'm in a bit of a sticky situation. Many have been spotted and I need evasion tactics both for the short and long term. Any tips would be appreciated and I'm hoping the familiarity with human patterns can help.  All constructive input is welcome.  Thanks :) 🦍  PS/EDIT  [This](https://3c1703fe8d.site.internapcdn.net/newman/gfx/news/2015/wildlifevete.jpg) is me reaching for delicious lychee nuts a few years back (they're my favourite)	cc
"What is your song of the day? What feelings does that song give you? Overall, what is your favourite period of time of music? Myself:  SOTD (song of the day): [The Darkness - I Believe In A Thing Called Love] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tKjZuykKY1I) originally released in 2003...  This song makes me feel light on my feet and not a care in the world. I like this song because of the 80s vibe it has. That is my favourite period of music THE 80S!... 80s and 80s impressionists/recreations <3. I wasn't even alive for the 80s, but I really wish I was. "	cc
"How crazy were you in high school? I'm a senior in high school and about to graduate in two months, and I've never really done anything crazy or super rebellious. It's not that my parents are super strict or anything, I've just never had the drive to. I am an introvert but I consider myself to be pretty social overall. I'm part of a really close group of 7 of us, but I also have other close friends from other random parts of the school that I hang out with too.   That being said, most of us are pretty innocent. A few of my friends that aren't part of my main friend group drink on occasion but it's nothing too crazy. It's not that I have anything against partying or drinking, I just personally haven't really felt like doing it. I'm sure in college I'll probably open up a bit and try new things since it just seems like a better environment for that stuff (no parents, everything is in walking distance, lots of parties to go to...), but for now I don't see myself getting into that kind of stuff.  So, how were/are you in high school? I get the sense that I may be in the minority but hey maybe people like me are more common than I think."	cc
"i think this is it everything is too much. everything i hear is so fucking loud. and my nose is bleeding from the screaming. im sick of my family. my sister told me to kill myself. and out of all the bullshit ideas that have come out of her mouth, this one is amazing. i want to die. this isn’t the first time. and if i pussy out again, this wont be the last. thank you everyone on reddit that has given me spurts of happiness to get through the day. i love you all. i give thanks to my boyfriend who has showed so much love and understanding for whats been going on in my head. i know i never said it but, izak i love you. thanks to everyone who tried. but i was a goner from the start.  i can’t deal with this anymore goodbye guys <3"	sw
A reason Can someone please give me a reason on why I should continue living. I feel like I’m on the brink of actually attempting again. Everything just does not seem like it’s working for me and I feel like giving up....	sw
"Same thing everyday I wish there was somebody, but anxiety makes it so talking to people is impossible I'm 18 and still in high school sadly I've given up on that I live with my parents still and don't know where life will take me. I want to end my life every waking moment it's been the same for about 4 years and people always tell me it'll be okay or it'll change over time but those people could not handle me. I Fucking despise the people I live with who get angry at my depression.. what am I supposed to do when I have no friends and nothing soon I'm just gonna be homeless then that's it for men could give a shit less to what happens to me.. "	sw
"How much can it cost to see a therapist? Info: 16, Male, Australia, parents not very rich."	sw
Podcasts. Anyone here listen to Podcasts? What are some of your favorite podcasts and what can you recommend to me? I enjoy comedy and fictional podcasts the most. But I am open to suggestions. So far I have listened to: Hello from the magic tavern and Wolf 359.	cc
"Ideas for a super low-budget vacation? So I've been working a job for nearly 6 years now that I'm wanting to get out of, but I have some PTO saved up that I'd like to use up before potentially moving on to something different.  I currently have about 2 weeks of paid vacation time and am simply looking for some ideas of things I could do.  Money is tight.  A few hundred dollars is about as much as I can somewhat comfortably spend.  I live in the northern part of South Florida, roughly 3 hours from Orlando, 4 from Tampa.  Chances are I'd do the vacation on my own since I've always been a bit of a loner due to my shy, introverted nature.  I still enjoy and even crave company and social interaction, but when it comes to vacations I prefer to do things my way, since it is my vacation, and it's one of the few precious times I can feel somewhat in charge of my life.    So yeah, any ideas for a potential vacation would be awesome!"	cc
"A day in the life of a kid who grew up in the 80s I just cannot explain how much i miss the 80s. It was a time of innocence for me. Average day, make it a Saturday. Get up, watch Saturday cartoons. Mainly Superfriends was a favorite. Fast forward to afternoon. Ride my bike around with friends. Beyond backyard, there were woods. One time i went back there and found an abandoned graveyard. Another time i found a plastic garbage bag with old Playboys in it. After this if time allowed, I'd play with my Atari 2600. Pitfall or any Activision title. Again fast forward to night.  Watched anything from A-Team, Knight Rider, Airwolf.  Life was good.  And I miss the hell out of it"	cc
What made you happy/sad today? The saddest thing for me was seeing how much money I generally waste lol. A happy thing was how lovely my neighbourhood looks like in this spring.	cc
"I wrote out my suicide notes tonight. One to my soon to be ex, one for my brother, and the other to my best friend.   I can't deal with the daily mental anguish and overbearing guilt that came along with losing him, and losing touch with myself to the point where I don't even know who I am anymore. I don't feel like myself. I feel as though I'm seeing and feeling myself live my life as a different person, and it's hard to get by now while on autopilot. It were as though I was just losing control completely, and I thought maybe I'd go to a place where my mind is in my own control, and I feel happy and carefree and anxiety free all the time.  I've been thinking about this for a long time. Yes I am legally diagnosed with depression, anxiety, bipolar, and BPD. I've tried countless medications, therapists and psychiatrists. Nothing has been working for me. I can't take it anymore."	sw
"Retirement homes and our generation. Visited my grandma last week. Retirement home - a rather sad sight. Lonely, quiet figures in solitary rooms. Reading and watching TV seemingly the only activities left, with maybe an arduous visit to a local park once a week, counting hours until the next visit of their grandsons.   I was just watching and thinking... this old sad relic is going to be wiped out in fifty years. The whole place. When I am going to be retired, I am going to be telling the youngsters off my digital lawn, riding a virtual dragon. I am going to have friends all over the planet and an ongoing voice and video chats at pretty much all times. Hell, I am likely going to be building a digital city in a VR somewhere and coordinating hostile takeover next week in a clan of a fifty old geezers like me. Dammit, I am doing all that right now as is (sans the VR, I guess). That's not an unrealistic dream or anything. That is a god damn reality. Mundane day-to-day already. Here. Now. For us.  Such a chilling collision of worlds. "	cc
"So, I pulled a ""stunt"" at work this week... First off, sorry about the throwaway account. I really want to spill my guts to all of you great strangers of the internet, but don't want to leave so much identifiable info about me and my job on my main account. Also, sorry for the novel.  Anyway, I work as a drafter at an engineering firm, and am the low man on the totem pole for the electrical department. I've learned a lot over my time at the company & the engineers I work under have slowly been giving me more and more design responsibility, particularly for easier things like laying out lighting and plugs and stuff.  So we recently got this project. Its a complete gut and remodel of a pretty large existing building & they asked me to do the existing conditions field survey since everyone else in the department was busy with other projects & the building in question was going to be a simple place to survey  (an empty building with few interior walls). I've done many field surveys before (usually they give me the easier ones like this), so it wasn't anything new for me.  The project itself is a pretty intense & will require completely new electrical everything, including a whole new electrical service. Thankfully, while its a very large project with lots of electrical work, we've been doing quite a few projects lately that are very similar to this one (albeit much smaller). Because of the similar projects, I have direct experience with (or at least a reference to) a majority of the design components in this project, with 1 huge exception... The electrical distribution.  While the engineers trust me to do many of the simpler tasks for them, I've never really had the opportunity to touch the electrical distribution before. The engineers have been really awesome, though, and often explain their designs (and their thought processes regarding them) to me when they give me their markups. Because of these explanations, I feel like I at least know the basics of how everything works.  Earlier this week, we received the official go-ahead to start on this project, but due to disorganization in our department & everyone in the department being totally slammed with other projects, that go-ahead fell on deaf ears. I decided to kind-of use this as an opportunity to try to get out of my comfort zone a bit.  I send an email to the engineers in the department asking if I could take a stab at taking this project as my own & designing the whole thing. Of course, before I sent this email, I went ahead and did all of the preliminary design work (including the electrical distribution) on my own & without permission (figuring that its always better to beg forgiveness than ask permission).  The head honcho engineer came over shortly after I sent the email to discuss the email I sent. He was a bit skeptical, but overall fine with the idea, particularly after I mentioned that a majority of the project is quite similar to a few others & that I was the one who did the field survey. After he gave his blessing, I showed him what I had already come up with for the design. He sat down with me for a few hours and we went through what I had already come up with (particularly the electrical distribution).  During the discussion, I mentioned that I took some pretty big guesses on sizing based on what looked right from other projects. He went through the design with me & showed me the actual math associated with designing something like this. Surprisingly, my guesses turned out to be correct & he actually mentioned that the design looked like something that he would have come up with.  I know it sounds kind-of dumb, but I really feel like I accomplished something & I've never felt so excited about work before. Hell, the owner of the company actually came over to my desk today & said that he was proud of me (I have no idea how word of my stunt got around so quickly).  I mean, I know that its still super early in the game & I have plenty of opportunities to totally crash & burn on this project, but right now, I feel on top of the world. :)"	cc
"Casual conversation Hi everyone! Anyone up for a chat? It's Sunday, I just moved into a new flat, I have been lazy all day and a bit bored. Anyone would like to chat with me for a while? Happy Easter by the way to whoever celebrates it.   Edit: if you are for a chat for a little while, PM me."	cc
Delivering myself Will post again on dday. Hopefully the life insurance is worth it to her.	sw
"So I'm sick and have no voice. How's your night, Reddit? Going through a lot in my life, and would love to be able to chat with some folks here about what's going on. Also, I've been super sick for the past few days and have no voice and have to travel for work next week (yikes!).   So what's going on with you? "	cc
Rant and hospital visit I was in the hospital recently. I didn’t try to kill myself yet. I was in a car accident (rear ended and not my fault) and ended up with a concussion and they almost had to remove my pancreas. I was in terrible physical pain. I already suffer from CRPS chronic pain in my arm. So it was miserable. But not only that but in the hospital for a week I was alone. Only the nurses. My mom and a friend came to visit me once but I wanted to just die there so bad. It would have been so much easier on my family. They would have a reason. They would have a stranger to blame. My suffering could have ended and I wanted to so bad. I still have a plan in place. I still know it’s going to happen but that could have been so much better. I just wish I was gone and I wish that my family could have had the health problem to grieve over instead of a suicide.  Sorry for the rant. I just want to pain to end. 	sw
"I Don't Know What To Do Anymore 2018 is the year I started becoming very careless to my body. I’m legit putting anything into my system, and I consider myself very lucky to be alive typing this. I do fear this luck will not carry on, and sooner or later I’ll be in my demise. I really want to stop this from happening, I really do, but there’s so much on my plate right now, I don’t know how to handle it. My grades are dropping because I haven’t attended a single class since January. I take full responsibility for my grades dropping, but now I’m scared of the outcome. I know this is going to have major ramifications on my future. Being an international student, my family can’t support my fuck-ups at all. Sooner or later, I would be forced to travel back into a country I can’t even function in because I can’t speak their native language nor have I ever lived in a third world country before. This past week, I’ve been trying to keep myself sober, but when I am, I feel so fucking depressed. I really have no one to talk to. I spend so much of time crying at night wishing someone could comfort me and tell me everything is going to be fine, a physical person. I don’t know why I typed this, but I believed this belonged here. I really don’t want to die, but this fear of impending doom has been going on for more than a couple of months. I’m going to die as a failure and no one is going to notice me passing away in this country. I know I’m the maker of my own problems, but I feel like I’ve created so many that I will never be able to handle them. It’s exam season, and I’m probably going to be end up failing my coursework. I have no one to reach out to personally here. All these vices I tried to keep my loneliness feel occupied with have finally deteriorated my life. Sorry for my thoughts being a mess right now.  "	sw
"Over it! I'm over it. I'm over it. I'm over it. What's here for me? I get to grow up and get sadder. That's my legacy! I wanna carve a hole in a tree, crawl inside it, and sleep until my body decomposes in the dirt! I'll provide nutrients to the forest and not have to worry about anything anymore. "	sw
"I wish I could give my life to someone who wants to live Sometimes, I wish I could trade places with a terminal cancer patient who is holding onto life as tightly as he can. I do not have any enthusiasm for life, and it seems like a waste. I feel like I am going through the motions, just waiting to die... and it's going to be a long wait. I have been in therapy for 10 years, and it's constantly like this. I wish euthanasia for mental illness were a thing.  See, there is nothing in this world that brings me joy. I do not have any hobbies, and I do not have a job. I am going to be evicted if I do not find something before May, and while I have been applying, I also don't see the point. I have this black-and-white image in my head-- like a flipbook-- of me going through the motions until I am older enough to retire. I think I would rather cut to the chase because being alive hurts. There mornings where I wake up and take a handful of sleeping pills to make myself fall asleep again. That's really what I am doing... I am waiting to die.  It kind of feels good to type this out. I have not been out of my apartment for almost two weeks. It's almost like I've forgotten what the sound of my own voice sounds like. My boyfriend recently moved away, and we hardly talk anymore. My therapist dumped me (it's a long story + it was kinda my fault, so dont blame her), so I am without support (or structure). I do not have any friends. My family thinks I am being a drama queen and won't ""play"" this game with me anymore. If I were to kill myself tonight, I wonder how long it would take the world to notice. I imagine it would take a while unless my decomposing body starts to smell and a neighbor complains.  I have prescriptions for a whole cocktail of drugs, but I am not 100% certain that an overdose would be successful. I'm 80% sure since I have stimulants and relaxants and sedatives and with some alcohol-- I don't drink, so I image I don't have a lot of tolerance-- it almost feels like I can pull it off. My biggest fear is failing. I am afraid I will only have a seizure and then have to deal with the aftermath of my suicide attempt. God, I don't want to spend more time in a psych ward.  "	sw
"I had a job interview! I have been trying to get a job for the past month, after I got laid off (I had the misfortune to get on right before the company shut down).  I have an English BA, so I decided to apply for a paraprofessional job in education.  I had an interview on Monday and they said they'd get back to me in two weeks tops.  So I'm excited."	cc
"I think about killing myself every morning I wake up, and I'm constantly thinking about ways to do it through the day I'm 20 years old. Diagnosed schizoaffective along with major depressive disorder that either shows itself as mania or reclusiveness. I was admitted to an inpatient psychiatric facility for 9 days when I was 15 for suicide watch, as well as uncontrollable tactile and audio hallucinations. I'm a poly substance abuser, I will take anything that anyone gives me or that I can get my hands on no matter the situation, time or place. My binges along with the recent doubling of the dose of my antipsychotic have caused me to drop two of my classes because I've slept through alarms no matter what I've tried and still feel tired all day.   I took lsd the first time a month before my 19th birthday which was about two years ago. Since then, without exaggeration have dosed myself once for 9 days straight doubling the dose each day. I have taken acid over 150 times in the span of about a year in a half. The thing is it is the one substance that makes my depression and manic thought silenced and allows me to experience and love life like when it was better. It reminds me of being like 9 years old again.   I can't go a day without using drugs because it seems that that's the only control that I have over my emotions. Take stimulants to stay awake, benzos and booze to forget pain, opiates to feel happy. Everything I guess.   My schizoaffective disorder causes me to be baffled and confused about human normality and makes my emotions intense in every way. My ex cheated on me for months until I found out and the worst part is I have class with her twice a week because we signed up together before everything happened. The hardest part of my week is going into that class and trying not to cry and act civil even though I wish she'd just leave me alone.   I hate who I've become, I hate that I can barely seem to control my life and can hardly make it to work to pay the bills let alone take care of myself or make it to class without wanting to scream FUCK EVERYBODY IN HERE. I am so depersonalized that sometimes I have no sense of self. I would rather be admitted to the hospital forever sometimes because at least there I have a regime I can handle.   I don't self harm in the traditional way but try to get as trashed as possible with any substance, that's like my form of self harm. Like slamming a pint of vodka in one gulp and then lay comatose crying in my bed.   Anyway I hope that wasn't too much text. Mental health services suck where I'm at and it often takes months to become a patient at a outpatient facility and care, and I have Medicaid so I have very limited options. Working on getting some help though.  Thank you.    "	sw
"No one knows today is my birthday 8 months ago I deleted Facebook and it just proved to me how shallow it was thinking people congratulations actually ment it. Today is my birthday and I went to work, hang out with couple of people and went to some relAtives. Not a single person knew today is my birthday. A bit sad experience actually and i feel as shit genuinely. Life goes on and I have promised myself not to mention it to anybody. This is the only place I find it to have the space to air a bit out .. best regards"	cc
"Feeling happy? Why do I feel ""happy"" and can't help to just randomly giggle and smile while I sit at home alone with suicide on my mind. Have I lost it or am I just looking forward to the inevitable"	sw
"Anyone Else ever feel like they are starting from scratch? Could use Support Well, it looks like I'm gonna have to drop my programming classes. I know this topic is a bit heavy, but anyone else feel like they're starting their life over sometimes? I've messed up in almost every aspect of my life. I've burned bridges. And I've gotta fix it from scratch. Once again, I know the topic is a bit heavy, but some support would be great. And the crazy thing is that the reason I'm messing up so bad is that I'm trying to be someone that I'm not. Had I just been myself, I probably would've done way better."	cc
"Well, I did it. I'm making music again and I love it. I'm a guy who makes beats and stuff. Not really trying to break into the music industry or anything, I just love hip-hop and I guess it's a good hobby of mine. I haven't been able to make music that I loved for the past 5 months or so though - because I just wasn't feeling what I was putting out. Graduate school was biting me in the ass, as well as my (now-ex) girlfriend. Three weeks ago I booted up Ableton (a music software) for the first time in AGES and guess what, I just finished and released a short tape on Soundcloud. And it felt so good. Just wanted to share that excitement with you all."	cc
"Surviving suicide attempt Quick question, has anyone survived a suicide attempt before? If so, did you never feel the same way you did before your attempt? I survived a suicide attempt in a forest about a month ago via overdose on oxy, seroquil, melatonin and liquor. Still wondering if im just emotionally recovering or not. I also overdosed on MDMA about 2 weeks ago and feel even more dead. Who can relate? When you feel dead inside, does it stay that way forever ???"	sw
"My Life Story For my whole life I've been incredibly lonely, no one would ever invite me to do any activity. It didn't help that I used to live in the middle of nowhere so it was difficult to make friends, even during elementary school nobody would want to even talk to me, the ""ugly"" kid. It took my 2nd grade teacher to literally ask the class who wanted to be my friend and no one raised their hand except for like 1 person, from that day I thought he was my friend. But once middle school came around he started to hang out with other people and I was alone again, the people he would sit with at lunch didn't bother to make any room so I usually sat at the table next to them. Alone, as usual. But over time I started to have people talk to me and it was pretty good, I mean I was still lonely but it isn't like I was left in the dust but some people did talk to me.   I moved at the beginning of the second half of 7th grade and I went to a new middle school where I was lonely once again for a little while (the usual new kid situation) and then one day I started to get talked to and started to make friends and even got a girlfriend, but shit changed after she dumped me. Suddenly no one wanted to interact with me and the people who were my ""friends"" didn't want me around them anymore. Now I was the loneliest kid in the entire school and everyone began to bully me, I started to get even more depressed to the point where someone reported me to the counselor and there was this massive conversation where they were trying to make me confess that I was suicidal. Now, I was, but I didn't want them to get involved and thought I could solve shit myself. But the loneliness kept going until the end of the year. Apparently I failed 7th grade and I was absolutely devistated. I tried my best to get my grades up but no matter what I did nothing happened, the teachers would say that they would help but they never did. I should also bring up that my ""friends"" from my old school never talked to me, no texts, nothing.   Fastfoward to 8th grade, I was put into a Renaissance school to help get me ready for 8th grade (they moved me up so that was more possible or something I don't remember) and that was it, during the year I made some friends. At least people that would give me the answers to stuff that I needed help on so that was fine, I still didn't really talk at all and some people still made fun of me but it wasn't as extreme like 7th grade. But after awhile I started to report somebody for being an absolute cunt to me for no reason, there was this one incident on the bus where I asked her how would she felt if I killed myself and she just laughed at my face. But when I reported her and after signing a contract (basically a ""don't come near me"" form) and I began to describe what happened that day on the bus and he asked if I ever had suicidal thoughts and I said yes. Just to make things shorter I got a school therapist to help me, and you know what? She did help... Until I went back to the middle school, suddenly everything she helped me with came back to me and her words didn't matter. Somehow though I got another girlfriend and just like the last relationship it ended. I should mention that the last two relationships lasted for like a fucking week, so it didn't help that it was that long and made things worse when it was either on or the day after Valentine's Day. So I'm completely devistated again until I go onto High school. I forgot to mention that the reason why I moved was because my parents split, so my dad moved to one place and I moved with my mom. But after 8th grade I went with my dad in hopes to start over again.   I had a great time during 9th grade and the first half of 10th grade, like for the first time I finally had friends and people to joke with. At home I was alone and inside but at school I was talkative and had people to talk to. But at the same time I started to have a friendship with my 8th grade ex gf, after awhile we became close and I trusted her with my issues and she would talk to me. I started to have feelings for her again because of how close I was with her. I thought I was the only one that went through the same issues but she was there for me. It started again after 8th grade during the summer and I loved her so much for being there for me and I wanted to go back for her since she was starting to become my best friend (something I've always wanted in my life) but at the beginning of the 2nd half of 9th grade I started talking to an 8th grader who I also wanted to see badly because I was starting to like her as well, since she was coming to high school next year I decided to stay at the school to see her. Here comes 10th grade, where she was finally at the school and I could see her. Things... Didn't go well... After awhile she didn't talk to me at all nor wanna acknowledge me. She would talk to her friends but it was me that she didn't want to really interact with. At this point it would've been 2 years since I had a girlfriend and why that is something I'd bring up is because I felt pressured to have a girlfriend, everyone was constantly posting about ""omg look at how amazing my babe is"" and I wanted something like that. But it felt like everyone was taken or had a specific preference. I wasn't anyone's preference. The people I liked would never talk to me and if they did it was only for like a week and that's it. I wanted someone to tell me that they loved me. But it never happened. After awhile shit fell apart between me and that one girl because she didn't seem at all interested in even talking to me.   So after that I decided to leave and go back living with my mom, it wasn't just me wanting to be closer to the person I hold dear to me, but it was also because my dad was being a complete asshole with the way I'd miss school somedays (he would lose it if I even miss one day of school) and it didn't help that even if I was sick, it was freezing cold, or the bike I use to ride to the bus was fucked up somehow. If I even missed 1 minute he'd lose it so I was under a lot of stress because of him. I went back with my mom just so I could be close to my now best friend, I had to leave a lot of my friends for her but to me it felt worth it. It was an up and down relationship but I still felt extremely close to her and even shared some of my personal issues with her. But she's changed since 8th grade, she's now more talkative and was out there with certain things. I didn't mind at all since I was her friend, but the problem came when she didn't really talk to me during school and only exclusively talked to me outside through texts or when I'm at her house. She considered me her brother because of how close we were and I considered her my sister (even though deep down I loved her). But the fact that she didn't talk to me during school and treated me like shit became a problem I had and every once in awhile I would lash out at her because of my problems, everytime it did happen she would call off the friendship but the next day I'd be quick to apologize for my stupidity. This ongoing cycle of me and her being friends, then an issue comes up/reappeared, argument, then apology happened over and over again. Until today... She finally said that she was 100% done with me and my bullshit.   I'm sorry for the long read but I wanted to tell you guys what led me to this point in my life, I'm a failure, lost cause, ugly, pathetic, outcast with no friends, no money, nothing redeeming about me. I've tried so much but nothing ever works out. I'm like 95% close to ending my life right now, I'm a burden to everyone I've ever known and no one wants anything to do with me. Everyone I talk to goes away in after awhile and it doesn't help that it's usually me that causes it to happen. I just can't handle anything anymore and I'm sorry but I've tried everything I could to make shit work out but eventually nothing worked out. I'm done and I cannot handle the fucking loneliness anymore. If anyone actually read through this whole thing then I commend you.   Goodbye."	sw
"I feel like I'm too far gone I've been a shut in for nearly 10 years and my social anxiety has become so bad I can't talk to my own family. No matter how much I want to fix it, my efforts are too small to make change. Anything besides these small efforts is too difficult for me to do. I don't want to interact with people because it's draining and I'm horrible at it, I also am absolutely hideous and short so I feel like everyone is judging me negatively, which makes my social anxiety even worse.  It's hard to see a future where I have a job, a friend, am able to get in a relationship and don't have my entire life dictated by my social anxiety. I don't even know what the point of posting this thread is. Any advice I get I'm too incompetent to do and if someone messages me I'll have an anxiety attack just looking at the message."	sw
"My story I'm 16 years old, ever since i was 10 i hated my life, i would think about killing myself but not in a serious way, my mom had breakouts in front of me saying that she would kill herself, and throwing shit everywere, screamming at me, i think thats why now i can't show compassion to her, i like her but i just want to get as far away from her as possible, thats why i live with my grandma and my aunt, i know my family loves me, but i can't show love to them, and seem to hate them. My best friend is rhis girl that i really love, and she really loves me but only as friends, we dated about 2 years ago and ever since then i have liked her (she knows that i like her), and for those 2 years she has made out with lots of guys, sometines she would tell me that and i just got miserable, today she told me she had a bet to make out with 10 different guys, and she made out with 5 this month some of them guys that i know, the guy she likes is a real douchebag, and even knows about the bet, i love her, i fell my happiest when i talk to her, and she is just a bitch, i can't stand this, i have liked for 2 years recently i got some hopes that she liked me, just to have them thrown away, i am miserable, i regret almost every single life choice that i made, i don't have any female friends other than that girl, the only sexual encounter that i had since her was with this ugly girl that i lost my virginity with, i regreat that soo much, when i look baxk at my life i see nothing good, i just failure and losses, i am miserable now and i cry every day, the things i loved before are just boring now, the only things that make me happy us talking to that girl and talking to my real friends, i am now addicted to tobacco i started smoking to calm myself and now i can't stop, i keep thinking today is the day i stop, but i just get depressed and end up smoking, sometimes i smoke weed or cheap hash too, my real friends are the string that holds me from ending it all, every time i leave the house i hope i get runned over by a car and everything just ends, i don't want to stop writing this, i don't to go back to miserable life i have, i have nothing to hope for, i'm not a good student, i love exercise and i'm really athletic, but im so depressed i can't even go to the gym or exercise, i don't have the motivation and will probably start crying once i get there, i want to die but i don't have the guts to do it myself, i don't know what to do, i'm scared to tell this to anyone, because i fell like i can't trust anyone, i never thought this would happen, i can't take much more of this, theres is a shotgun that belong to my grandfather before he died, i just need shells and i can end it all, i'm so ashamed of myself for letting things get to this point, i love a total bitch, my life is full of bad decisions and regreats, i hate my family, nothing makes me happy anymore, and the only thing that keeps me away from doing it are my friends who have no idea i'm like this "	sw
"I can't get this smell out of my nose It's so sweet and amazing and I don't know what it is. The first time I smelled it was around ten years ago when I was in basic training in Cape May. It was so strong on the march to the armory. Probably one of the only redeeming factors of boot camp in the summer.  The second time was in the mountains of Northeast Georgia near my grandparents house on the Chatahoochie River.   Then again hiking along Maryland's coastline.  I've only ever smelled it in the summer/spring and near Appalachian waters. I wish I knew what it was....flowers, soil, water, what could it be? "	cc
"Notes I debated about forming a throw-away account for this, but Ive talked about suicide a bit in the past so I guess it isn't really that big of a deal.   Ive had a rough go these last 10-14 months. I lost my company, the woman of my dreams, my life savings, most of my belongings and  my support group and friends when I moved 900 miles away, back home to my parents house. Suicide has been on my mind the entire time and Im getting to the point of no return.  My question is to the parents and the exes on here. Would you want a suicide letter left to you explaining that there was nothing you could have done, that it wasn't your fault, thats this is all on me. If you were the ex, would you want to hear that I still love you as much today as I did the first night I said it to you. Would you want to know you aren't to blame and this is all on me, that Ive though of you nonstop since the moment I left.   I want these people to know they couldn't have done anything. I just don't know if that letter would help them at all or just hurt them more.  I haven't decided to do it, but deep down, I feel my days are numbered.   Thank you for your input"	sw
"I don't understand what people like about beer Don't get me wrong, I still drink. I'll get anything, except for beer. I hate the taste. I know there are some beers that are generally very good, but the typical Bud Lite, Coors Lite, even Blue Moon just don't appeal to me at all. I'm a rum and coke guy. What do you guys think about beer, and are there any you can recommend?"	cc
"Give me a reason not to. I've been suicidal all my life.. Just don't know why, I don't feel like I fit in the world.. I'm broke, there is no point in trying anymore. I give up. Give me a reason not to kill myself.. Before it's too late. I get harmed, insulted, made fun of. Why should I exist if I don't belong here?"	sw
"Wondering I lay here, each night wondering the same thing over and over. Is it worth it? Would anyone care? Does it hurt? How can I make it painless? How much longer do I have to deal with it?  There are many things I can live for. I have a career. I have a ""lovely"" husband. I have a ""supportive"" family. I have a few friends I can turn to. However in reality, I feel like I'm alone.  10 minutes ago, I was crying. Why? I'm not happy. I haven't been happy in so many years. Since I was really young, probably since elementary school, I have been contemplating suicide. In the 7th or 8th grade, I told a counselor that I felt suicidal, which meant she had to tell my parents. My own parents didn't take it seriously, even though I tried to overdose on some medications I found in the prescription cabinet.   After I graduated from high school, I felt alone and severely depressed again, and I tried telling my boyfriend at the time that I didn't want to go on. Next thing I know, he's down an alley cutting his wrists.  Two years ago, I tried overdosing on whatever I could because I didn't want to feel any more pain, but all it was was muscle relaxers. My husband just didn't seem to care at the time.   I went to the doctor, after I finally got insurance, that I felt depressed and I wanted to talk to someone. He referred me to a psychiatrist while prescribing Cymbalta and escitalopram (I could be wrong). I didn't feel any different. I felt the same.  To this day, I haven't seen that psychiatrist because I've been busy working and trying to stay safe. I feel that if I don't work, then I can't support my family.   Tonight, I cried. I was wondering how it would feel to finally end it, but then I wonder about other people. Why do I care though? I should care about me and me only, not about, but this person would be extremely upset. That should not matter, and that shouldn't been a guilt trip.  I have friends that I've spoken to, but I feel limited to what I can say.  I don't have a gun. I don't want to drown myself. I don't want to hang myself. I want to die peacefully. No pain.  I honestly can't deal with this ""superficial"" pain anymore. "	sw
"I don't see the fucking point anymore. I wrote tons here on why i'm suicidal. My anger. My sadness. Just generally a lot of self pitying. Somehow expecting my ramble to end with me picking out something that'll make me want to stay. It didn't work. I've had Depression and Anxiety for about seven years now.  Back in January of this year, i attempted to take my own life via overdose. However an online friend of mine convinced me to go to the hospital and i can honestly say it's been the worst decision i have ever made in my life.   I suffer from so much self-hatred. There is nothing i like about myself and there will never be. Even from when i was a kid, there wouldn't be one thing i could say i'm proud of. And over the years, there's just been more and more flaws that take over. I try and sit myself down and say ""No, Calm down, This is just the depression talking. You're not a terrible person"", but at this point i just don't give a fuck anymore.   I haven't got any hobbies - or hobbies that actually make me happy. I used to feel as if i could get somewhere with my art and animation career, but now i literally couldn't care less if i tried. Whenever somebody says ""Why don't you try do something that makes you happy?"", i smile and nod but what the fuck is there for me to do? I've tried quite a few new things, but i just get more and more depressed and frustrated, leaving it better if i just do nothing. Which i know is wrong.   I think the main thing affecting my mood at the moment is my friends. I'm a really compassionate person, and i go above and beyond to try and prove to people how much i care and am willing to try my hardest to make somebody smile. I don't usually get the same kind of response - which i usually say is okay. But i think it's really affecting me mentally.  I have one real life friend, Who is only really friends with me because they haven't got anybody else to hang about with in the day. In freetime, they aren't very interested to talk and hang out.   Online, i have (or had.) quite a few friends. But there's been a cycle that always happens to me, without fail. Six times. The 'cycle' goes as follows;  * I meet a person/people and become friends with them.  * I become especially good friends with 1/2 people involved. * The other person shows me the same kind of effort that i put in. * The other person meets a few other people, i try to get involved however am not usually as welcomed. * the small things the other person used to do to show me that they cared no longer happens.  * the other person tends not to enjoy conversation/respond much/excessive anger/disinterest * The other person only really speaks to me out of pity.   I know this sounds selfish and stupid. But i can literally give you six examples of this happening. Pretty much to the exact same formula.   I fight to try and keep people in my life, of course, but i'm not the type of person who gets aggressive about it. I try desperately to prove how much i care and that i'm good enough, though it usually falls under deaf ears. Until I eventually give in and just say ""Well, they're happier and better off without me. It's okay i'll meet new people.""  The thing is. Everybody is better off without me. And after the sixth time for this heartbreak and genuine emotional turmoil, i don't want to try again. I don't want to be lulled into another false sense of security only to be shot in the heart again and again.   I wish i had somebody who would go the extra mile. Who'd tell me ""hey, it's going to be okay"" rather than ignoring me until they can be like ""are you better now?""  I think i'm going to end my life before the summer. I've been staying for my friends and stuff, but it's really clear to me that i'm just going to hurt myself more and more watching them fade. I'm going to wait until i know for certain that they'll be okay - i'm sort of at that point now but. Idk.   I'm sorry for this post. I just needed to talk. It sounds so selfish in reptrospect, and i understand that. But i don't ever get to say. I just want to talk about why i'm done with my life and why the only thing i'm looking forward to is ending it."	sw
I finally got it After or whatever school I walked to get the supplies that I need to hang myself. During my music coach/tech was wondering. (She knows my issues kinda and she is going and went through it) I just said walking etc but now I have my stuff	sw
"Yesterday was my birthday, and I got my very first cat. Yesterday I turned 22, and as a birthday present my husband picked up a cat from a friend. I was actually attacked by a cat a couple years ago, and this is my very first time owning a kitty, so I was a little apprehensive. But he's growing on me very quickly!  [Here's](https://twitter.com/truuce_/status/979122611472003074) a pic of him if anyone's interested :)"	cc
a failure with big dreams but no results anyone?	sw
"Well, clock's run out. Five years ago, I was the sort of person all of my friends looked up to, the sort that people said ""I want what he's got.""   Job, money, location, success, friends, girlfriend, social life, etc. Amazing how much that can change in five years, isn't it?   Now I'm nobody. I serve no purpose. I'm getting older, due to a few crippling injuries I can't do much. I've alienated all of my friends through ignorance. I turned to painkillers to survive the day-to-day, but that gave way to alcoholism, which gave way to unemployment and homelessness.   I'm in my later 30s, living in my mother's guest room, no longer even have a bank account. My retirement's been spent, my savings is gone, my immediate family's robbed my mother of everything she had to the point where now I'm the one causing her hardship.   I used to be fit. I could run 10 miles, I could dunk a basketball, I could lift weights. Now I'm happy if I can lift myself out of a chair to use the bathroom.   I used to be reliable. I used to be a good friend. But as this.. depression consumed me, I sunk so low as to miss my best friend's funeral.   My dogs have died, between steroids to prop me up and meds to make me ""happy"" I've gained 80 pounds, and even my mother's said ""if you didn't drive me places I don't know what you'd be worth.""   That's where I am, five years out from making a disgusting, unearned amount of money and living a lifestyle I didn't deserve but happily accepted. Now I'm living the lifestyle I deserve and I don't want it. I've contacted government programs, been institutionalized six times, gone through countless medications, therapists, social workers and hotlines.   So what's left after that? When the hotlines say ""there's nothing we can do for you"" and you don't have insurance and you can't afford a taco much less an inpatient stay at one of my fine state's torture wards?   When your family doesn't care, your brother doesn't invite you to his wedding because he'd simply rather not, when your father won't call you because 39c a minute is a bit excessive and your mother won't speak to you unless she wants something you can't give?   My best friends are dead. For different reasons, but they're all dead. My dogs are dead. My family doesn't care. I serve no purpose. I have no job. I contribute nothing.   So. Why?   More aptly to the topic, why not?"	sw
"I need reassurance im making the right decision My husband and I adoped two cats last August.   One has been great but the other is kind of a pain in the ass.  She's not a bad cat at all. She's just annoying.  We rent and she has completed tore up the carpet in several spots in the house and our leather couch. She pees in random spots in house (including clean laundry I just folded). We definitely will not be getting our pet deposit back because of her.   She's a very sweet cat but I'm just growing to be very resentful of all the shit she tears up in the house and that's not fair to her.    I've found her a new home. The people she is possibly going to are wonderful. Their cat of several years passed away and they're finally ready to get a new one. Their son's birthday is coming up, so she'll be his present. Tomorrow they're picking her up for a trial week, to see how she adjusts to them. I feel like she'll be a much better fit there.  My husband is kind of making me feel bad about it. Not on purpose, he's just a little bummed out about the rehoming. Even though he's said a thousand times it's okay if I find her a new home.   Im home all day with her, and tbh she's driving me crazy.   Am I doing a bad thing? "	cc
"Are you a man? I have a weird question for you regarding jewelry. Ok, here's the deal: When my dad was young he tells me that he had a really nice [star garnet](http://demandware.edgesuite.net/aaby_prd/on/demandware.static/-/Sites-jtv-Library/default/dwe40fa46a/gemopedia/star-garnet/star-garnet-hero.jpg) ring, but that he lost it at some point which really bums him out. Star garnets have inclusions that create a four- or six-pointed star when bright light shines on them, and to this day he still wistfully brings it up on occasion.  Star garnets aren't particularly expensive (although if I got a fancy metal for the setting that would be...); one big thing that's stopped me in the past from getting him a replacement is that I've never seen him wear jewelry beyond a watch and wedding ring. I have no idea what sort of style he'd like, or even what sort of male gemstone ring is good looking and not silly gangsta. I can't just ask him out of the blue what a ring he had 30 years ago looked like without it being suspicious, and he's a smart man.  So here's what I'm getting at: If you're a man or if you're in touch with men's fashion, could you look at some examples [like this](https://www.google.com/search?biw=1315&bih=813&tbm=isch&sa=1&ei=5m7NWtXQE9eSjwS1l5boAQ&q=mens+ring+cabochon&oq=mens+ring+cabochon&gs_l=psy-ab.3...2119.2372.0.2475.4.4.0.0.0.0.134.249.0j2.2.0....0...1c.1.64.psy-ab..4.0.0....0.NRuZfn8xWxU) and tell me what sort of gemstone ring setting *you* like the look of personally? Star garnets are pretty much always round or oval, and polished as a cabochon (so smooth and rounded, not faceted), but that's all that the ring would need.  Thanks!"	cc
I wanna cut myself using a razor blade. I secretly hate myself.	sw
"I""m going down, again... Where do I begin... I'll give you some information first not that anyone would read this I'm just writing at this point for the sake of it, I guess. Anyway, I'm only 11 and I'm, not one of those stupid ""omg I'm so [insert very real horrible condition here]"". I got tested and turned out to have medium depression (if that was what it was called I can't remember) almost two years ago. I was able to fight if off though more like a hope of luck. I never got any help my dad said: ""you're too young to be depressed"". I was spiraling down and it felt like everything was getting worse every time I sacrificed fulfillment, happiness, and esteem for well just getting my work done (my school has way too much homework like 4 pages if you're lucky for kindergarten much less middle school I pity highschoolers sorry for the tangent). Even when I got summer I felt so bad I didn't help at that point I realized that I wasn't chasing anything, I was in my position that was good but I still felt horrible I lost hope. It took me a while (a little more than a year) to get better. I'm doing better and I'm really happy to say that I'm doing so much better. But now a feel something... new I feel in disgust like I did something wrong, I also now are extremely anxious (I'm not saying its clinical like the mental disorder I'm not an idiot that thinks cause I can't speak out in front of the class means I have social anxiety.) it just feels like I'm forgetting things I hide the way I feel since I just don't like to make people feel like I'm in pain. And now I feel like I'm falling back down what do I do?   I still feel like no one's going to read this I'm desperate."	sw
"My accent is changing I’ve been with my boyfriend about 3 months now (we’ve been hanging out regularly since about September 2017) - he’s Canadian, I’m British - my accent has started changing to having very Canadian twangs to it (sorry, cute and colour words like purple are my worst) to the point where my friends and family take the piss out of me for it 😂"	cc
My face got messed up I was walking through the forest in my backyard. You know in those old cartoons where they step on a rake and it hits their face? Like that but with a branch. Now there's a big wound on my face. Any of your ever hurt yourself in a cartoony way?	cc
"Im doing it tonight, i just want someone to talk to please someone just talk to me ive never felt so lonely in my life before"	sw
Where are you in your life today? Where do you want to be? Looking to prompt some forward-thinking good feels. Some additional related questions:  What did you do well this week?  What can you do better?  What is the next milestone to get to where you want to be?  What might make things easier or better for achieving your goals?	cc
"Too much of a wuss to finish the job I don't have family.  I've tried to alert my friends to the fact that I've got a real problem over here, and I hear things like ""It will all work out!"" or ""You're being dramatic!""   And I guess, if I can't even off myself, perhaps I am just being dramatic.  It feels like the only exit, and I'm too chicken to do it.  I can't help but think, the world would go on just fine without me.  I'd only be missed by a few, an only for a short amount of time.  They'd be ok without me.  Maybe some of them would even be better off."	sw
"This evening I'm going to kill myself. My head hurts so much. I've been experiencing feelings of depression for as long as I can remember now. It wasn't always like this, but ever since I've hit my twenties I've found myself contemplating suicide and feeling depressed for atleast the last five years. I'm so tired. Yes, the issues in my life aren't worth letting go of life, but if it isn't these problems, what will it be next? There is always a different reason for the season. I've felt sad over the thoughts, and I've felt happy and calm and even excited about ending things, and this time, now, I've been calmly living out my last few days since deciding tonight would be the night. In this very last moment I can't understand my own thoughts anymore.. everyone is calling me..I haven't cried out for any help or let anyone in on my plans, but it's almost like everyone can sense something, and it's starting to make my head hurt..I can't figure out what I want anymore, WHAT DO I WANT?! I feel like part of me has already died and I'm living in a dark cloud right now. Is it common to be on the fence until the very last moment you take your own life? Am I waiting now for some kind of answer that isn't going to be there? Is it common to feel a subtle pain of not wanting to miss out on what life could become? I almost wish I could speak to someone who did kill themselves to find out \- how did you feel in that last moment? Last night I hung myself from a short suspension until my vision started to blur \- no that's not how I want to go. Today I've gathered all the material to kill myself via CO poisening and have rented a car for this evening to do it in.  I feel like I'm going crazy and I don't know what I want or am doing anymore. And if I don't do this, how do I climb back up from here? How do I feel the kind of life I used to feel, when I've opted to end it all? How do I remove this black veil and breathe again?"	sw
"Yesterday I scored 892 lines in Tetris. Can anyone here beat that score? Bit of a humble brag, but I've been getting some really high scores in Tetris lately. I didn't take a screenshot yesterday but just took [one](https://imgur.com/a/HscqX) then of my second highest score. I've always been proud of my tetris skills and was just wondering if anyone out there is even better.  [Here's](http://www.freetetris.org/game.php) the version I used. If it matters I started on level 5, and it gets pretty fast by level 10."	cc
"Killing myself 22:00 gmt+1 approx 2 hours AMA Saw another guy doing an ama before he killed himself yesterday, thought id do it to "	sw
"Don't know if I can do this anymore This is the first time I've posted on here, but I really need a place to vent. I feel I am at a breaking point and I don't know what to do. Be prepared this is a long one.  I am having a hard time finding a reason to live life anymore. From a young age I have always felt that people have taken advantage of my naive nature. When I was 5 til about 8 I was raped by one of my mom's friends. I did not know at the time what had happened to me, but it made me not socialize with other kids at school. I remember the police being there and my parents being upset. I remember thinking this is not something to share with my peers. I kept to myself and found comfort in colorful things, cartoons, Pokemon etc. Anything with a happy or positive vibe to make me feel like I had friends or that there was good in the world.  Fast forward til I was about 13, I started to feel really sad all the time and had no idea why. My parents told me it was my hormones changing, and that I was fine. But it felt really bad to me. Like I shouldn't be alive. I started doing very poorly in school, was picked on, and tried to take my own life. My teacher and parents didn't pay any attention to me and I had no friends still. My parents and teachers eventually met together and decided that it would be best to hold me back a grade to readjust me. I was devastated. I felt like such a loser. The following school year I decided no more, I wanted to make friends and stop being alone. I was instantly popular. I had so many friends, girls chasing after me, was always around people. Then my parents moved me and I had no internet, no phone, no way to contact these people. I had to start all over again and didn't want to.   Next we are at age 16. I make friends with all of the goth kids in school and realize that we have alot in common. It's nice to find solace in others who have thought or attempted to harm themselves, or had a darker view on life. Alot of them were bisexual, which made me nervous because of the rape incident. But I had started noticing boys and liked them,   I came out as bi, later gay. I felt so disgusted with myself because I didn't know if this was how I was supposed to be or if I was like this because of the rape. To this day I have some trouble knowing.  High school goes well, make lots of friends with the goth kids, until age 17. A girl I had been friends with wanted me to be her boyfriend.  She was obsessed with me but I told her that I was gay and not interested and would still love to be her friend. She then proceeds to drug me. It left me in a coma for 3 months. I wake up from the coma scared and confused. I develop an anxiety disorder. I become afraid of people, afraid to socialize even more. Start having lots of panic attacks.  I nearly fail school yet again because of this. I was never offered any consuling, never any help. Then again I didn't really want it. I am afraid of taking too many drugs and becoming a zombie. I dunno I'm afraid of drugs after being drugged. Get forced to go to therapy after telling my parents that I was gonna shoot myself. Go to therapist, get prescribed Zoloft 25mgs. Works pretty well helps take away the panic attacks at least.   Meet an older guy, he's 10 years older than me but looks around my age. Move in with him right out of high school. He makes me feel good about myself, calms me down during my panic attacks, seems over all good for me. Ends up leaving me because we had been dating 5 years and he couldn't marry a guy and couldn't deal with my anxiety. I'm devastated. Jumped so quickly into things that I didn't go to  college, no money saved, etc. Was homeless for a few days. My friends take me in and I live on their couch.   Start dating another guy, he leaves me because he can't handle my anxiety problems. Start to really see a pattern and realize people don't wanna deal with people with mental illness.   Start seeing my husband at the time. Our relationship starts out really good. He quickly moved in with me. Fast forward 2 years and he asks me to marry him. Finally I feel safe and secure. I feel like no one else can harm me. I feel like I don't have to worry about drugs or rape or being alone. I was wrong. He becomes extremely abusive. Gives me black eyes, chokes me, had a seizure, put a gun to my head and said he was gonna kill me, wouldn't let me see my friends or family. Controlled every aspect of my life. I felt alone and hopeless but at least I had a place to live until he decided to kill me. He ends up asking for a divorce. I'm devastated yet again.  There's a guy who came into my life almost a year ago. Says he's straight, but always initiated things. Fall madly in love with him. First person in my life who has ever had faith or believed in me. Go to visit him for a month. We have a sexual relationship. Leave. Tells me that it was a mistake. Too embarrassed to even let people know I exist.   ***Long story short*** Right now with being rejected by someone I had grown to love and going through a divorce and being forced to socialize after being isolated by my ex husband and having to be out on my own for basically the first time, getting a job and having to know that I need this to survive, wondering if I'll be stuck doing the same thing over and over again. Losing that job and being homeless. Been having lots of thoughts about hurting myself again. I am tired of all the things life has given me. I feel alone and am sick of it. I feel like I'm forced to start all over yet again and don't know if I want to. I have this view on the world that it's suppose to be a good experience but it's never happened. I'm 26 years old with nothing to show. No-one to care about me. I don't feel that I have any reason or any right to be alive. I just wish I wasn't such a coward and would just do it. I'm sorry for the long rant I just needed a place to express myself without judgement. Whenever I try and talk to someone they usually end up not understanding or leaving or i end up attacking them because I feel vulnerable.  I dunno what to do anymore.   "	sw
"When all I do is fail, why should I go on? All I do is fail in life. I’ve been from one dead end job to the next. I have really tried the best I could at my current job and I’m still not good enough to be anything except a low level employee. I get turned down for promotions everytime I go for one. On top of my professional life being shit, I have little to no personal life either. I’ve been on Tinder for over a year and gotten one match. She went out with me 4 times and then decided she wasn’t interested. I don’t blame her one bit, she is smart. I’m just a worthless piece of shit with not much of a future.   If you look at my posting history, you’ll see that I have been suicidal for a while now. I wanted to kill myself at the start of this year, but I held off to give life another chance. But what has the new year brought me so far? More rejection and more failure. How long am I supposed to put up with this shit? I am hoping to get a terminal disease at this point so that I don’t have to feel guilty about killing myself and how that will affect my family. I am 33 years old and I know my life isn’t going to get any better than this. There is no way I can do this shit for another 40+ years. I have been really trying these past couple of months to turn it around and find even moments of happiness, but I just don’t see any light. How long can I go on being this fucking miserable?   My nephews birthday is in two weeks. I think I’m going to buy him and his siblings a big gift so they will have something good to remember about me. After that, I think I am going to take a long walk off a high bridge. I have a bad fear of heights so I think that’s one last way of saying fuck you to myself. "	sw
"Had an offer accepted for my first home I’m buying today. Been smiling and shitting myself at the same time all day after finding out I’ve had my offer accepted to buy my very own flat/apartment, as a first time buyer. It’s going to financially cripple me but sure will be worth it getting on the ladder in the long run. Also sick to death after renting from a string of shitty landlords   I’m 25 and never thought I would see this day, let alone in my twenties, however after 3 years of saving and sacrifice. I have got to where I need to be.   Happy Easter.  "	cc
"""move out if youre unhappy"" ""get a job"" Anyone else tired of hearing these things and just block people out that say these things? It really urks me. I mean if I had money and was an independent person I would be out already. Why would someone want to suffer in the environment that has been killing them for years? Life isn't that easy for some people.."	sw
"Ever got an impulse haircut? My hair was basically down to my belly button. It was never dyed or layered or anything. Yesterday I got a haircut (donated the hair) above my shoulders (shorter than what I expected, but whatever) because I was ready for change.   It's definitely different and I think it doesn't flatter my face at all, but EVERYONE says they love it and suits me better. When I look in the mirror, I can't see what they see.   Has anyone else felt like this? "	cc
"I use to be suicidal assuming killing myself will end my suffering. I use to be suicidal assuming killing myself will end my suffering. Lately I've becoming doubtful because no-one knows what will happen. If there is a punishment after committing suicide or your suffering will continue, well then you're fucked, cause once you're dead, you can't undo that. I would like to write more, but too tired: (."	sw
"If I tell a psychiatrist about suicidal thoughts, will I be hospitalized? Even if they aren't strong suicidal thoughts? Please tell me the truth.  After 3 years, I've finally recognized that I need to seek help for how I've been feeling. A lot of stress has hit recently that has just made everything so much more hopeless. I don't think I would commit suicide anytime soon, but the thought is constantly lingering in the back of my mind. I'm just afraid that I'll be hospitalized if I voice this.  There isn't a way to afford hospital treatment right now, I can barely scrape up enough for this first appointment, so if I were to be hospitalized, that would be even more stress. I know I shouldn't hold anything back, but I'm just scared of all the consequences. It was hard to come to terms with the fact that I need help, but if there are negative repercussions to seeing someone, I would rather find an alternative method to seeking help."	sw
"i don't know how much longer i can hold on i almost killed myself tonight. i guess i'll provide a little background about myself...not that it'll matter soon.   hi, my name is savannah. i am 18 years old and i have been struggling on and off with bipolar since i was 12. i was diagnosed with ocd at age 13, social aniexty and hypochondria at 14. i have tried to kill myself in the past multiple times. the first time is when i was 12. the second time, i was 14. i tried twice when i was 15. i almost succeeded when i was 16. i failed at succeeding when i 17. and that brings us back to present day. my ocd has been really bad lately as well as my bipolar. my parents both think i'm faking feeling this way, that it's all part if 'being a teen'. my mom said i'm a mistake. my dad and mom have both called me multiple (rude) names. none of my siblings care about me. i'm not lying when i say i literally have 0 friends. it seems that nobody really does care about me. everytime i try to ask someone for help, they just laugh and tell me to deal with it. that there are more serious problems in this world. going back to earlier this evening, i went for a walk. i left around 700 pm. around 8:30 pm, i came up to the train tracks. i heard a train in the distance (and i saw it's lights) and i kept thinking to myself 'should i die right now? will i actually succeed this time?' (keep in mind the train was still pretty far back so i kept asking myself if i should go through with it.) as the train got closer, i stood in the middle of the tracks and faced the train. i closed my eyes and whispered to myself 'this is it. i'm finally going to die'. the train horn was blaring constantly and i don't know if it was because he saw me standing there, or if he was just blowing the horn as the train neared the crossing. as it got even closer, the horn was blaring more constantly. at this point, i figured he saw me. the train was i would estimate about 10 seconds away from hitting me when i stepped off the tracks. i don't know why i did but something came over me at last second. the speed of the train actually knocked me down as it passed. my left hand ended up getting cut by a rusty nail that was in the road. it took about 4 minutes for the train to fully pass and i was just sitting on the ground crying the whole time. i kept hitting myself. after about 2 minutes, i got up and started walking home. i kept repeating the same question over and over again in my head. 'why didn't i go through with it? what is wrong with me?' my dog greeted me when i walked in the door but i just nudged him away and went upstairs. (i never ignore my dog like that). now, i'm laying in bed, writing about how terrible my life is even though i know nobody will care.   i'm gonna be completely honest, i know i'm going to kill myself someday. the question isn't how I'm going to do it, the question is when. tell me, is there a reason to keep going even if everybody around you wants you dead?   disclaimer: i have seem multiple therapists and such and none of them have helped. so i really don't know what to do anymore.  any tips would help i guess. if i don't reply, i think you know what that means. "	sw
I changed the language on my phone to Chinese My Chinese is garbage so I switched the language on my phone in hopes that it'll help me with reading/writing. Trying to navigate the settings is a fun time for me.  In other news: I made banana bread today and it was beautiful. 	cc
"I feel like I’m working towards something that I don’t know if I want I’m graduating this year and I’ve been working so hard for 12 years to go to college because that’s what my family told me I had to do. Now, my senior year I’m expected to know not only where I want to go to college but what I want to study in college. I don’t have any idea of any viable career I could do that would genuinely give me fulfillment except for something that is (I feel) out of reach of my level of intelligence such as working for NASA. I refuse to work a job I hate just to get by, I need to do something fulfilling, artistic and something I can be working toward something bigger than myself."	cc
"How many suicide attempts have you made so far? Just wanted to know what should I avoid, if it came to the situation that I'd be forced to kill myself."	sw
"Alone I don't even want to post this, I'm being prodded to by a friend. They're basically all I have left anymore... I feel abandoned by basically everything, even life itself, and dismissed as another useless peice of garbage. I don't even like myself anymore, I just hurt everyone that knows me. I don't expect anyone to actually be able to help if it's any consolation, all the anti depressants and therapy never did anything so I can't ask any more of anyone on a random sub Reddit. I can't even blame you if you don't want to try and save me, I'm not worth it anyways."	sw
"Thinking about killing myself I have had severe depression and suffering from social anxiety and mental health problems for about 3/4 years now on and off and I think now I have finally reached the point where I may be ready to successfully commit suicide.I'm not enjoying anything in life anymore properly. I'm not liking college really it's boring and monotonous and my mental health problems mean I can't put all my effort in.I'm struggling with friendships due largely to my severe social anxiety which in turn makes my depression worse.I have violent mood swings where I frequently drop drastically from being ok to feeling so low .I have no confidence or belief in myself and I'm useless.I fucking hate myself.My family don't understand me at all or get me and what I'm going through.I want an easy way to end all this pain I don't want to go on at all. I attempted suicide twice before and failed and ended up in hospital in A and E. I don't want to fail this time,I want it to be successful and for me to go to sleep and never wake up .I have too much pain and sadness to deal with and I don't want to deal with it anymore  P.S Nobody knows I want to commit suicide "	sw
"Just heard a song from 10 years ago It was [American Boy by Estelle Ft. Kanye West](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ic5vxw3eijY) and the song of that summer. Last one as a 'real kid' and ironically one of the few summers I did not go to America. Kind of crazy that I was just starting high school 10 years ago. So much has happened since, but in many ways some things have stayed the same.   Almost forgot about the song until it popped up on a friend's playlist. What are some blasts from your past?"	cc
"Everything is always my fault At least, thats how everyone seems to think. I hate anxiety so much, and at the same time I hate I got treatment that helped me enough to not kill myself when I planned to. Maybe I will never consider anyone my friend, or that they like me, I will always wait for them to ask me or follow their every word literally and then be at fault when I get anxious. Apparently telling them I have trouble feeling like I can go with them isnt enough to understand I will feel left out if they just go without saying anything to me. I hate everything so much but even so I cant even draw a little blood.  Sorry for the rant, I just feel that I surely have just ruined the only friends I had and now I dont want to see them face to face again because of how scared I am.  It hurts so much thinking my death would probably feel like a relief."	sw
"I've accidentally trained myself to blow on my food even when its not hot. I was eating a salad for lunch today and before I went to eat the first bite I blew on it like I was cooling it off. I'm pretty sure I've also done this with bowls of cereal too. I can't decide if I should try and break this habit, or just embrace it as a fun idiosyncrasy."	cc
"I'm too lazy and it's killing me I am thinking about suicide a lot more lately, i mean, i always think about suicide, it isn't something that pops in and out of my mind, it's just that i'm starting to convince myself that i should actually kill myself for good now. The reason is that i'm lazy. I am a shitty person, I'm so lazy that i only want to stay in my bed and watch youtube or play videogames, i only like the good stuff. But when it comes to work, i start to feel really depressed and sad in general. I'm such a piece of shit that i only want to have fun. I'm such a fucking idiot because i could never get a job, because i'm too lazy. And i'm thinking about suicide despite having friends, a loving family and being ""happy"" in general. I'm a spoiled little idiot. There are people that are going trough far, FAAAR worse situations than mine, but i still have the courage to post this. I'm useless to the world, someone like me could never do anything good except live off of someone else. The fact that i'm like this is ruining me. I was a curios kid, i enjoyed science stuff, i enjoyed my life. i was constantly asking questions to my parents about black holes and the universe and gravity, particles, atoms or whatnot. I was active and full of energy. I think that from when i started middle school, my life went really downhill. I started loosing interest in everything i liked, i started to not enjoy the things i used to enjoy so much. Sometimes i would just start to cry for no goddamn reason (i still do, by the way) and now that i'm in high school, i really feel like shit. I could never do something productive with my life and i know that. The reason i haven't killed myself yet is because of my own lazyness and because of my parents that i love more than anything in my life, and it would absolutely destroy me to see them sad, but now i'm starting to loose interest in that as well. I know people go trough much worse but i really needed to talk about this (or, well, write about this). Thanks and sorry for wasting your time  Sorry for typos"	sw
"My best friend and I suck at planning things (#89) ^^^^I ^^^^hope ^^^^everyone ^^^^realized ^^^^yesterday's ^^^^post ^^^^was ^^^^an ^^^^April ^^^^Fools ^^^^joke. ^^^^I ^^^^had ^^^^been ^^^^planning ^^^^that ^^^^one ^^^^since ^^^^the ^^^^middle ^^^^of ^^^^January  My best friend is horribly indecisive. And I am horribly bad at initiating hang out ideas. Luckily we balance each other well. She'll message me and say ""wanna do something"" or something along those lines, I'll agree and when I ask what she had in mind she doesn't know. It's then up to me to plan the activities that we do and at what time. If we tried to reverse this, nothing would ever get done and we'd never see each other.  In the past we tried to trade the brainstormer of the plans back and forth but as time went on we just fell into this routine and it works well for us. I was even the one who picked where we were gonna eat for her birthday celebration this year because she had no idea what she wanted.  We just planned a day trip including getting Mexican food and going to a museum for this weekend. She wanted to do something over spring break but we're both pretty busy with left over school work and our jobs so we had to wait until the last day to do something. It should be fun though. She told me a week or so ago that she hasn't really done much in Manhattan despite the fact that we both go to school in the city so that's how this all started. When I asked her what she wanted to do, she had no idea so I listed out a bunch of options and she chose museum. Then when it came to food I was put in complete charge of that and I picked Mexican because I enjoy it, she wants to try new things, and how can you go wrong with Mexican food?  We've been wanting to go on a trip together for a while now but the plans keep getting pushed aside because of school, money, family stuff, or what have you. Every time we almost plan a trip though it's an insane amount of back and forth trying to pick out all the details in no order. One day we'll figure something out though.   Is there anyone you're good with balancing each other's positive/negative traits like my best friend and me?  Would you say you are more or less adventurous than the people in your daily life?  How good are you at brain storming ideas for things to do?  Thoughts on Mexican food?  ---  ^^This ^^is ^^post ^^#89 ^^out ^^of ^^~~365~~ ^^360something ^^with ^^my ^^goal ^^to ^^have ^^a ^^conversation ^^on ^^here ^^every ^^day ^^of ^^2018. ^^Feel ^^free ^^to ^^comment ^^on ^^anything ^^I've ^^said, ^^answer ^^my ^^questions, ^^or ^^just ^^talk ^^freely ^^about ^^yourself ^^even ^^if ^^it ^^doesn't ^^relate ^^to ^^the ^^post. ^^I'm ^^here ^^to ^^chit ^^chat.  ^^It's ^^been ^^[16] ^^days ^^since ^^I ^^last ^^missed ^^a ^^post"	cc
"Coworker sneaks looks as my monitor. How should I mess with her? I am a front desk receptionist. Once a day, a lady who works in HR comes over to to my dept to get some usual stuff done, but here's the kicker: my boss pointed out to me that every time she comes over, she stops and stands behind my chair at a certain angle so she can peer at my screen.  My internet browsing is very tame. There is absolutely nothing to worry about. I'm a little tired of her thinking she's slick when we all know what she's doing.  I think I'm going to start messing with her. Maybe put her face as the background for my desktop? I thought about opening a Word doc and writing ""Hi Miss ______!""   Any ideas?  Edit: okay guys! I took a picture of a sheet cake and photoshopped the words “ Hi Miss ____!” on it. It’s on my desktop. Now we wait."	cc
"If you could live the rest of your life in one decade in history which one would you pick? You choose a decade- 1320, 1810, 1940, 1960's, 1990's,  2010's etc.  and you live the rest of your life in that decade.  So if you live in the 1800's you live in that decade. No bringing a smartphone in the 1800's etc."	cc
"Im not sure what Im doing with my life? I just moved out of a real bad series of situations lasting around 3 or so years.  I guess you could say that my early 20s, rather than reaching my peak, were like falling down a flight of stairs. -- I'd really like to be able to date or something, but I just can't really socialize and don't really think I'll ever fall in love again. It would be something if I had a serious passion, but all I have time for is working and sleeping.  Tell me, casualconversation, what would you do if you were about to turn 26 and didnt really have anything to live for?  Im not depressed yet, but Im here because I started looking at pictures of my ex from 4 years ago. That 1 year relationship was the highlight of my life and I couldnt imagine ever having something like that again.  I just am not sure what Im supposed to do, you know?"	cc
"Need some advice in a difficult situation I've got a close friend who is apparently contemplating suicide.  They're not threatening to do it *right now* - she's saying she's going to do it later this week because she's ""not in her right mind.""  The thing is, she's in a rough spot and we're afraid she might change her mind at any time.    Some background:  She's my partner's closest friend, but about a year ago her boyfriend - which is underselling it, they'd been together almost 20 years - began to become really abusive.  He got so bad that one time he came over to our house while she was here and threatened to kill my partner, then punched the glass out of our door.  The next time she came over he showed up in the morning and I had to run him off with an expandable baton, then as he was leaving my upstairs neighbor came out to see what was going and he pulled a knife, then threatened to kill her and her grand-daughter.  But she stuck with him.  Well, his health was deteriorating - in fact during that last confrontation he actually left his colostomy bag on our porch.  Well, he died a couple of days ago.  She's devastated.  Because he was doing his best to isolate her from everyone, she's pretty much alone, and she wants to stay that way.  She doesn't answer the phone - and only a small number of people even have her number.  She's gone dark on social media as well.  She's corresponding with my partner through text messages though - and a few people have been able to get in touch with her.  She's been presenting as coping pretty well to them, but we are seeing a different side of her.  She's been very adamant that she doesn't want to leave the apartment they lived in, and she's been pretty clear that she doesn't want anyone to come over there either.  Some of the people who have gone have had to end up leaving the things they brought for her outside the door.  She says that she's only telling us how she really feels because she trusts us not to call police, that kind of thing.  We're thinking of just going over there regardless.  ...but at the same time, we're pretty much the only people she trusts.  If we do something to betray that trust, and the outcome is *NOT* something that resolves her suicidal tendencies, then we may have just cut her only lifeline.  In this state (NC) with the kind of money that we - myself, partner, and the subject of this post - have (which is basically none) we don't trust the police et al to solve this issue.  If the only thing on the line were our relationship with her I wouldn't hesitate for an instant.  If I thought that she had someone else that she would contact if we burned this bridge I wouldn't be posting.  When it comes to these things, I've lost too many friends to not take action... but we're trapped.  If we go, we risk alienating her and it's likely she won't have anyone to talk to in the future about this kind of thing.  If we call for assistance (or really, tell *anyone* about this) the same issue exists.  If we respect her wishes, we have to continue texting with her and hoping that the texts keep coming and when they don't, we have good reason to think that maybe it's because there will never be any more of them.  Any help is greatly appreciated.  Thank you in advance, and thank you for helping all of the people like myself who come here."	sw
"Does anyone else look around a bunch while walking? When I'm walking around usually with music, I like to look around at stuff happening around me. It doesn't seem natural to just look straight forward and I feel like I'm missing details around me."	cc
"I'm suicidal again And for the exact same reasons I was the last time. My health sucks. I'm physically disabled. I'm stupid and I cannot seem to be able to pass my classes. I don't feel loved, I have no friends. Nothing good ever happens to me. Nothing. I just have to watch other people doing whatever they want while i always have to compromise on everything because I'm ill. I have to watch peple talking to each other in my courses while I'm being ignored by everyone. This is not life.   I hate everything. I have no reason to be alive. I'm not angry, I'm not sad. I'm tired. I'm tired of trying and trying and trying for nothing. I know it won't repay me. It never did.  My life is trash, worthless. Is only pain and misery. I think I'm going to follow through my old plan sooner or later. I'm done. Tomorrow I'm going to hide the opiates I have. I'm also going to look for other prescriptions. If i find them, i'm going to buy more opiates to a pharmacy that I've never been so it's not suspicious. Three months worth of opiates should be enough to cause an overdose.  Or i'm just going to hang myself, it's easier and more deadly.   I don't think my therapist could save me this time. I have nothing in my life. Nothing. Just a bunch of pills and pain and people who don't give a fuck about me, or just would be better without me anyway on the long term. Nobody loves a crippled woman like me, nobody. And people just leave when they have the occasion to do that.  Dying is easier than dealing with all this for the rest of my miserable life. I don't want to be alive anymore, is not worth it. There may be good in life, just not in mine."	sw
"Heres to nothing Im done. Ive always shook off the idea of suicide, but its been years, still want to, im trapped in a shitty place in life, and if i escape that ill still be in a shitty place. Ill be fucking homeless. I cant take care of myself, im lazy as fuck, never have been able to focus on anything, my teeth are rotting out cause being depressed for years has turned me into a lazy POS.  Fuck this. Fuck being conscious of the world, here's to nothing"	sw
"Have you identified trends in how your tastes change during the day? I was thinking this morning that, in the mornings, I listen to British comedians. We laugh together at things that are absurd. We poke tiny holes of irony into everyday life, and it's lovely.   But after work, I rage with American comedians. We get angry about things that are seriously messed up in our culture and our world, and laugh because we've finally found a way to address the topics out loud.   Left me thinking that as I go through the day, my outlook takes a turn for the worse. Do you do this with anything?"	cc
"Anyone else get anxiety when buying a product? What if there's something better you haven't checked out yet 😱 So I don't have a lot of spending money right now, so whatever I buy must be good value and last a long time, right now I need some new shoes and I've been browsing for like 3 days straight now.  I've been looking up reviews, saw literally hundreds of different shoes, and I still haven't bought anything :(.   Maybe some day I could just roll up to a store and buy whatever I like, but even if you remove the financial aspect of it I'd still have a little demon on my left shoulder whispering ''Pss, maybe theres something better at B site instead of A hehe''  EDIT: JUST MISSED OUT ON A GOOD DEAL AGHH :("	cc
Let’s talk! The weather where I am has been crappy and I’ve had a pretty dull day so I’m looking for some  conversation.  I’m down to talk about anything but some things I’m especially interested in are   Movies Sports  Video games Food  Philosophy Anything at all	cc
"Channels slowly dying in Youtube. Has anyone noticed that in Youtube the youtubers that became famous before becomes an all-time-low, specifically the Minecraft Youtubers? Like deadlox, hermit, ihascupquake they were the s**t before because of how popular minecraft was at that time, and now 2018 comes forward, and all of a sudden these youtubers became dust like  500k-1mil views a day becomes 1k-6k views a day and what makes it worse is that some of them are realizing that their views are decreasing by the day. What are your opinions about this? "	cc
"Just finished Death Wish 1974. The ending was chilling. Spoilers! So, his wife died from assault. His daughter was traumatized.  Then he went out there looking for muggers and criminals just like Bat-Man. Then he shoots them. On a killing spree.  In the end, he saw a bunch of rowdy hooligans harrasing a girl. He picked up her things then smiled at them by making a shooting gesture.  Damn, that smile was chilling as hell. Pretty freaky and scary. Looked like a predator. Loved it.  That scene was my favourite.  Should I watch the rest of the sequels?"	cc
How do you overcome your difficult days? I’m a long time anxiety & depression sufferer and if you’ve struggled with those (or any) issues for a long time you know they come and go over time. right now i’m going through another difficult time (more panic than loneliness) and i’m wondering how you make it through? How do you handle change? How do you get yourself to calm down? 	cc
"Shit - I'm really down, this could be it So I've just been feeling so down since Friday , it's a huge accumulation of stuff though and man.... I'm really sad that I'm just out of control.   Christ , I can't even explain it. It's just hurts.  I need to rest but I can't. I need to relax but I have too much in my mind. I keep getting worse every year and I just really do want to end it all.  I fantasize of getting a gun and just like that stopping this struggle of feeling so insecure and powerless, of being be belittled, patronized and taken advantage of.   My kids , parents and wife would suffer though and that keeps me trapped in this loop of suffering. I really want to end it.  In the past I've gotten like this and then a month later I'm glad I didn't do anything about it but in the moment right now, there's nothing more satisfying then jumping in front of a train.  Thousands of people do it every day. "	sw
"I want revenge Back again and the feeling of emptiness and hatred is consuming me. Sometimes seeing they all forgot about me makes me just wanna hide from the world and die. Other times like tonight makes me wanna die but make sure they know they are guilty and should hurt like i did.  I know this makes me a bad evil person but i dont know if i care any more. All i want now is for them to feel as sad and alone and as awful as i do. And forgiving and letting go isnt an option, i wish it was. I always catch wind thru various ways of their lack of caring and their happiness as if i never existed. I find myself constantly alone and thinking about it unable to scrape the thoughts from my head and at night the nightmares never go away."	sw
"What are your plans this weekend? I haven’t got much planned this weekend but I’m seeing my boyfriend this Friday and I’m super excited.  We’re going bowling, I hated bowling growing up and played it twice because I’m petty and only play if I win something... so we’re playing with the loser having to pay for dinner haha."	cc
Someone please tell me why I shouldn't move to Iceland I've been kind of obsessed with the idea of moving to Iceland for a while so if someone could tell me all of the bad things about it so I can make a more informed decision that would be appreciated.	cc
"I Brainwash Myself to Believe I Don’t Have Depression (Long Post) I’m a high school student, grade 10 specifically. Mentally, I always believed I was a very healthy person. I lived in a good home and have many friends. Though starting second semester (Feb of this year) I started to go through episodes of “anxiety” and “depression”. This happened because of the amount of work I have to go through and several health problems (Sleep problems, type 1 diabetes). I often feel like a burden to everyone because of how much I make them go through because of my diminishing body and my lack of ability to be logically-mathematically intelligent.    Let me start with what happens at home and how it leads to everything. Like I said before, I live in an amazing home and a loving family. But the problems with them is a lot to do with their background. They’re immigrants and though I’m sure they know of depression, I believe they won’t take me seriously. When they watch the news and a report of a teen committing suicide comes up, they always tell me to talk to them if I ever had the thought. They always try to ask me how my life is going because they want to know I’m not going out of control. When I started to experience a spiral in my emotions, I wanted to approach them, but I always stopped myself. “They’re not from here, they don’t speak perfect English, they can’t comprehend what you’re going through, they’ll just tell you off.” Those are just some of the thoughts I have whenever I think about telling them. Stripping the connection between my episodes and letting them know what’s going on severely influenced me to keep everything under the rug from my family. This made me think this is only my situation and that they shouldn’t know or else I’ll just be told I’m “overthinking.”  Secondly, I’m extremely young. I always tell myself, “you’re in high school, not even a sophomore, and you’re seriously going through this?” I make myself believe that for someone my age, I should focus on doing my homework and having a social life. To add on, people my age (my school specifically) shun those with depression. People at my school make it seem you’re one of those weird kids (the tumblr SJWs) if you come out with depression. As much I say don’t judge people, obviously I still want a reputation of being healthy and caring. I hate myself for that so I bury my emotions in fake smiles towards everyone when I really think of just leaving this place...  Lastly, I brainwashed myself to make my reasons sound stupid. If you read before, I said I have depression because of my inability to keep up academically and disappointing everyone. I also gained it from feeling like a burden to my family (and even doctors) because of my illnesses. I make myself think others always have it worse. “You’re being scolded by your biology teacher because you don’t know how to dihybrid crosses? And you have depression because of that? Seriously?” Is what I’ll say. I just feel like I’m never good enough, I will never be good enough. My family won’t have to waste a dime on me if I’m dead. My doctors won’t have to care if I’m dead. My teachers won’t have to worry about failing a stupid student if I’m dead. My friends won’t hear me complain and annoy them if I’m dead.   TLDR; I need help and I have no idea how to make myself stop thinking the world would be better if I’m not here. I continually say others have it worse and nobody would think it’s a legitimate reason why I should be depressed. I can’t stop saying nobody will understand/care and that I’m just an over-thinker because boys my age should be doing school work and not complain until they get to the real world. "	sw
I don’t value my life 	sw
"Help me please. I'm a 20 year old man from the Netherlands, who is turning 21 in a few days. I've been dealing with depression for about 7 or 8 years now.  When I was a teen, my mother did not know how to deal with me because I used to be very hotheaded and hyperactive, which led to her and me having daily arguments. My father was almost always working, so he wasn't often there for me, and if he was home, he didn't want anything to do with his kids. My sister is a person I have trouble being around. She berates me for a whole lot of things I have very little control over (I'll state why later).  When my parents divorced, I quickly started to blame myself over it because I always fought with my mother and felt that I ruined their marriage. I was quickly starting to fail my last year in elementary school and ended up scoring way lower than the teachers expected me to score. Middle school was even worse as I quickly before the person to bully by my class and by a few others which only helped to destroy my already damaged self-esteem and self-worth.  By the time I was in middle school, my mother had a new husband, who was a very abusive person, both verbally and physically. He is now out of my life luckily, but he gave my mother permanent hand damage, he gave my sister a scar on her leg, and he damaged my shoulder and upper back. Whenever I wasn't fighting with my mother or step-father, they were fighting with each other.  I had to go to my father's every two weekends, and half the time during holidays. The first few times went well, where I actually spend time with him, but that all spiraled down once my step-mother came into the picture. I started to shut myself in because she was someone I had never seen before and I couldn't trust new people easily already. My depression gradually and steadily worsened around that time too, and none of my parental figures knew what to do with me. My mother and step-father argued with me all the time, while my father and step-mother didn't bother to ask me if I wanted to do anything and let me just stay in bed all day long. I even stopped joining them for dinner at one point.  When I turned 16, I was taken out of my home situation and I was put in a clinic so I could learn how to fend for myself (because no one had tried to teach me and I had literally no skills to do anything.) While I was at the clinic, I took a brain scan which revealed something about myself that worsened my self-worth even further: There was something wrong with my brain. For whatever reason, my brain is always overactive and takes up a whole lot of my energy, kind of like a burn-out. Over my whole life I got berated by literally almost everyone as lazy when it was actually a medical issue.  Fast forward some time and I was in court as a 17 year old because I originally wanted to remove any form of parental rights over my father because he didn't bother to do anything for me (because he didn't know what he could do), but the judge ultimately ruled for the opposite after asking me, which was that he was forced to seek contact with me.  Around that time, I learned that I am bisexual with a heavy preference for men, which I confided in my mother with her promising to not tell anyone. I quickly learned that that was the wrong choice, as not even after a week, everyone on my mother's side of the family knew about it. My sister literally wanted to cut off all contact with me for being lgbt, which she only didn't because her boyfriend told her to stop being so stupid.  This resulted in spiraling even further down into my self-loathing, and completely destroying my self-confidence and self-worth, and I was put on antidepressants. However, I was quickly taken off of them after telling them I started to see mental images of very gory self-mutilation.  When I turned 18, I was discharged from the clinic and now I live supervised in a home with 3 other people. My father had stopped contacting me completely the moment I turned 18, and by then my mother divorced her second husband. Fast forward 2 uneventful years of me trying desperately to get out of bed in the morning.  My grandmother on my father's side died, which resulted in me and my sister both regaining contact with our father. The contact between him and me is alright now, and I've stayed at his home for new years a few months back. The relationship with my mother is now okay again, and we don't fight as much anymore. However, that's pretty much all the good news that has happened.  My sister and I still barely have any contact, my mother and I barely have any contact, and even though my father and I are on good terms again, the contact is sparse. Financially I'm having trouble almost every month, as because of my brain problem, I'm unable to work, and I'm not eligible for a disability check, because ""I have worked in the past so I should be able to hold a job"", and now that I'm turning 21 in a few days, my alimony has stopped as well. I'm having more trouble than ever to try to get out of bed and go to bed at a reasonable time. I was put on a different brand of antidepressants, but I couldn't bother taking them anymore because they simply didn't do anything. I have one person on this world that I am able to really trust, and he lives on the different side of the earth.  I just don't know what to do anymore. I'm unable to allow people close to me and when they do, I mask my feelings without even thinking about it. I don't feel like I have a purpose to be alive on this world. I don't know if people say they care about me if they really mean it. I feel alone, abandoned, with no hope left. People tell me to ""look for a hobby to occupy yourself with"" but even that's out of reach for me when I get tired after doing groceries at a store 10 minutes away from my home.  I've ended my time with my psychologist because eventually she started berating me and telling me ""you need to start finding something to do during the day"" and ""you need to start working on a sleep schedule"" as if I don't understand that, and the professional therapist I would've gotten literally said the following works to me. ""You cannot be depressed because you said it with a smile"".  I think that I have no purpose on this earth and I'm beyond help. I've been tethering on the edge of ending it and be done with it for everyone's sake, or cling to the (almost) fake hope that someone will find me, pick me up and help me through my problems.  EDIT 4/7: I forgot to note a few things. The few friend groups I'm in, I tried to reach out for help, multiple times even, and every time it ends in one of two things: ""tough love"" and people telling me to get over it basically and that I'm being over-dramatic, or people completely ignoring me."	sw
Any trustworthy people out there joining in on /r/circleoftrust? This is probably the nicest subreddit on Reddit. So I figured I would see if anyone was joining in on the /r/circleoftrust craze? If so would you like to trade keys?	cc
I don't know anymore I keep thinking about ending it. I'm always on edge and terrified and im just so sick of it.   I'm 19 years old and in my first year of college for a degree that I don't know what to do with if I get it.  I'm terrified of going to my shitty part time job where I do everything wrong.  I'm really lonely and I can't tell anyone in my life about how I feel. I've never seen a doctor about my mental condition mainly because im too anxious and don't know where I would start to find a professional.  I feel like a fucking loser and a waste of a life. I can't deal with it anymore. 	sw
"Subconciously trying to kill myself I've tried to kill myself once in the past and I have a history of hurting myself to deal with intense stress.  I'm living with intense stress for extended periods of time now, I keep myself from hurting me, but as a result I react in weird, self-harming ways and I'm afraid it'll end up turning me into a cripple and possibly hurting innocent people.  I like riding my bike and recently I occassionaly have the urge to kill myself popping into my head. Like not slowing down while driving towards a crossroads. It could be so easy...  Then there's moments where I subconciously disregard my safety, pick pointless fights etc.   Just an hour ago I almost got hit by a car, the car owner was a little shocked and pretty mad and when he yelled, asking whether or not I want to fucking die, the answer in my mind was ""Yeah I guess so"".  Not always are other people involved, sometimes I may just be on a mountain road heading downhill and considering not hitting the brakes. This already happened once and I ended up breaking my right arm and hand with abrasions and bruises all over my body. The medics were pretty surprised my head was unscathed which seems to have been pure luck or maybe survival instinct idk.    TL:DR I'm resisting the urge to kill or hurt myself but I regularly experience brief moments where I conciously or subconciously expose myself to great danger.  I'm afraid to end up harming other people or ending up as a cripple rather than dead."	sw
"60 day rule There is a 60 day rule at school. You can't cause trouble, get suspensions, etc. What the 60 day rule means to me is that I have 60 days more or less to live.   I've always knew I had to kill myself before graduation. There are many reasons:  - Waste time after high school  - No college because I don't know what to do  - Waste money and time at college costing thousands of dollars in debt  - get yelled at constantly for not doing anything with my life and mooch off my family to keep living  - I see no future in myself, at all.   No college, no job, no dream, nothing. It's not just because of my depression, I just don't see myself after high school.  I decided to kill myself before my high school graduation so that I feel like I haven't wasted 4 years or longer trying to survive for nothing. If I were to live on, living for a meaningless piece of paper with my name on it does nothing for me. Crossing that stage is like commitment, even though I know it's not. It's like taking a step into another direction. I don't want to put my foot in."	sw
"Nothing's wrong with me I'm over the sexual abuse as a child and subsequent drug use later in life. I don't care about that stuff anymore. There's nothing wrong with me I just don't see the point. ""Life is beautiful"" is not a good enough reason to get out of bed. I have no motivation and I have no energy.  Every time I wake up I have to convince myself that it's worth it and the side that says yes is losing now. I tried once I'll probably try again. There's just nothing to make it worth it for me anymore. ""My family will be sad"" is only going to work in my head for so long.  Hopefully soon I stop caring completely. Nothing is wrong, I just don't see the point anymore. There isn't one."	sw
"I am dealing with severe depression for years now,when will it end, or will it end me? it’s  haunting me everyday. And doesn’t end."	sw
"What is really the point? I'm beginning to seriously consider giving everyone the middle finger and taking my life, it's mine after all.  I didn't ask anyone to bring me here, nobody asked me if I wanted to be born, I was forced into a meaningless life because my mother just wanted to have me.  Thing is, recently I've been thinking about the future and what do I want for myself, and I just don't see what's the point of continuing. I have many hobbies, in college studying what I liked since childhood, relatively good financial situation, I know a lot of people, only thing missing is a girlfriend and I would pretty much have everything I hoped for in life.  So what's the point? See, I don't need anything else, I'm bored of life, what is there to live for?  Knowledge? Experience? Money? When I die, it goes with me. I already gave up on trying to find a girlfriend, so having kids in the future to ""keep my legacy"" isn't a thing. Having fun? What for? Same thing, it goes with me when I die. Helping the human race? We showed ourselves that we just simply do not give a shit about eachother or the planet, no matter what.  I will probably find a job and give money to my family for a while, just to help with debts, and then just finish it.  Now I'm not sad or anything, I actually feel pretty calm now that I reached this conclusion. I just don't see the point of living a life I know has no meaning for me.  So what's your take on life? What is your own meaning? What keeps you from giving up, knowing that no matter what you accomplish, you will end up just like everyone else?"	sw
"I just stomped through downtown Tokyo, knocking over buildings and squishing people... and now it's on fire. AMA! Um so some background info:  * I'm a 4,700 tonne lizard monster forged from Nuclear Waste  * My favourite food is pickles (the sweet kind)  * I'm an Aries and I love long walks on the Japanese shoreline  :D"	cc
I have class at 8am Yea I regret choosing to have an 8am class lol but that was the only thing available choose your classes early. I am currently writing an essay for that English class right now AMA!	cc
"There’s No Reason to, But I Wish I Had One I feel terrible about the fact that I contemplate whether I should commit suicide or not. People who are struggling with very traumatic issues commit suicide to escape the agony of the ripples of these travesties and I’m just sitting in my bed at night, unreasonably sad, and I want to just feel something even if it’s the last breath leaving my lungs. I’ve no reason to leave this world but I feel as if I should, I wake up day in day out just feeling nothing, wanting nothing more than to just fade away.  My childhood was shit but life for me (besides mentally) is fine. Maybe I just miss my mother, maybe it’s the lack of a father figure, being stuck in a small town, having to see old scars of self harm, I don’t know. I’m just sad and don’t want to be around anymore. I have a tattoo for my mother saying “Resilience is my Promise” but I don’t know how resilient I am anymore and if I can keep my promise. It feels as if I have nothing left to give and I’m losing this fight to myself. My biggest enemy is me and I’m just demolishing myself to the point where I just want to die. Maybe self hatred can be my reason, it seems logical now."	sw
"I have state testing today. Today I’m gonna be in a room for four hours testing, so that’ll be fun. They’re usually really easy, so that the state looks good. But that doesn’t stop me from worrying aaa.   It is that time in the year where here are a bunch of tests and whatnot. Do you have any today/ coming up? If you do, good luck!! I know you’ll do great. "	cc
"unrequited love bringing me to suicidal thoughts this is probably going to sound really stupid  so there’s this guy. let’s call him E.  E is my best friend and i’m his best friend. we hang out decently often, and our friendship is honestly the best thing i have.  but...i am also in love with him....it hurts like hell because he’s literally the cutest, nicest, most amazing guy i’ve ever met in my life, and i honestly want to spend the rest of my life with him, and i care about him deeply, but i know for a fact he’ll never feel the same way.  i forgot to mention i’m a male and E is also a male  he’s very accepting when it comes to homosexuality but he’s straight. that’s the problem. i’m in love with my straight best friend.   the fact that i can never be with him literally hurts like no other feeling i’ve ever felt in my life. i just can’t take it. he’s so AMAZING and it just hurts man.   i often find myself thinking about suicide. if i can never be with such a beautiful person as him, then i don’t really see the point in living, because that’s honestly the only thing i want in my life...so i’m already a failure in life. what’s the point of living with all this pain? what’s the point of living if i can never truly be happy with the one person i love?"	sw
"I'm in a maritime mood So I just found out about a new show called The Terror, and it has brought to mind so many great things I had forgotten about. For example, it makes me think of the painting The Raft of the Medusa, and another really creepy one called Man Proposes, God Disposes. It also brought to mind Moby Dick, which is the ultimate dark story of the sea, and The Rime of the Ancient Mariner, a dark poem of the sea. I guess I just enjoy reading about things going wrong at sea (what does that say about me?). Anyways, what ocean related stories and art do you all enjoy?"	cc
Talking to people isn't working it's just killing time So many people say they are here to talk but I don't want to talk I want to be dead. I appreciate the offers but I don't understand how talking is supposed to help. Telling you my feelings doesn't make my feelings change. You telling me you want me to be happy doesn't make me happy. 	sw
My new friend dumped me I think My new and only friend dumped me I think. We were both inpatient and then outpatient together and hung out together outside of the program a few times. She hasn't texted me in two weeks and I just texted her to say Happy Easter and ask if she wanted to hang out tomorrow and I got nothing. :'( Normally I'd give it more time but I just have a baaaaaaad gut feeling about this. Right now I just feel so hopeless and like I totally fucked up our possible friendship by seeming too pushy or by doing something wrong. I must have done something wrong. Why can't I just have a friend? Why? Why? Why? :'( I wish I was dead.	sw
"Hobbies/lifestyles centered around laidback, outdoor, relatively social environments? Hi all. I grew up with a mom who had a lifestyle similar to the one mentioned above. After work, you could find her sitting on our couch in the garage listening to music, smoking/drinking, and chatting with our neighbors who came over daily. On the weekends you could find her throwing a laidback and informal barbeque or hanging out at the lake again with music and a small group of friends/family. The older I get, the more I long for the kind of life I saw her living. I've been waiting to find more friends in order to experience this but I'm realizing that in order to find friends who enjoy the same kind of lifestyle in the first place, I probably need to have that lifestyle on my own first. Problem is, I have no idea what this ""lifestyle"" even is or how to define it.  I'm hoping someone here can break this down for me a bit. Possibly explain what sort of ""hobbies"" these are and other examples of ones similar so I can start living the life I've been longing to.  **TL;DR** What hobby/lifestyle explains the following activities, and how can I start doing these things in my life more without really having any friends: camping, bonfires, hanging out at the lake with friends, going to festivals, having laidback BBQs, etc.  Hope this makes sense! I know it's a bit vague."	cc
"I like you just the way you are It doesn't matter what you are going through, if you have done something bad, what you look like, or who you are as a person.  At the end of the day, it is you i like. I just wanted to say that you always have a warm welcome into my heart. I appreciate you for coming here."	sw
"I know there are people who care about me. I know I'm loved. I know I'm not worthless. I know that suicide would absolutely destroy my family. I still want to die. I don't know what's wrong with me. I feel like everything I need to turn my life around is within arm's reach and yet I just stand here and do nothing. It's like someone placed a magic curse on me, like I'm physically unable to tell anyone anything about what's going on in my head or how I feel. People look at me and say I haven't tried anything, and while they're not wrong I feel like I'm giving 110% effort and literally can't get off of any starting block ever.  I don't know if I'm actually capable of suicide, but I'm the closest I've ever been and if I have it in me I don't think I can last until my college graduation. That's less than 4 weeks now. I'm scared. I just want it all to end and nobody knows. I don't know what to do. I feel like I have so much and yet I'm so helpless...  I'm sorry if I'm not in immediate enough danger to warrant posting here, but I want to thank you if you read this whole thing anyways. The people who respond here are amazing and I really appreciate you for doing such a thankless job."	sw
"Do people really do non-work stuff at work or is that a myth these days? I just saw this starter pack post on my way home from a long day at work and it made me wonder how other people spend their day in the office - in the last few years my work has become more intense to the point I no longer stop for lunch and I don’t tend to do any non-work stuff in work time, apart from the odd unavoidable dr or physio appointment. Is this normal these days?[Starterpack](https://www.reddit.com/r/starterpacks/comments/8bhen4/bored_at_work_making_starterpacks_while_trying/?st=JFVH5QUQ&sh=d5440272)"	cc
"Today's the day where my phone goes off every minute. That day is the day I'm no longer a teenager! :) So if you haven't got it by now I turn 20 today.   Truthfully turning 20 isnt special, im still the same person just the only thing that changes is is that double digit number. Sadly I'm alone today. Everyone is busy, ^probably ^because ^I ^got ^too ^lazy ^to ^plan ^anything ^:)  What do you do on your birthday when you're alone? Im thinking about taking a long drive later today to the countryside."	cc
Post got removed from r/stopdrinking I'm a hardcore alcoholic. I spent the last 2 hours calling helpline after helpline who all just passed me off to another call centre. Legit no one wanted to talk for longer than 3 minutes.  So I made a cry for help post on stop drinking. As an alcoholic I figured they would resonate with my cause. But it got removed due to the fact that I had admitted to drinking tonight. A fucking joke if you ask me.  So here I am. Contemplating suicide. I've tried the help lines and I've tried reddit. Bit sure what the point is anymore.	sw
"Told to ignore it. I was brave, and told my key worker that things had gone to shit and I needed some support, ANY support. It took a lot of courage to ask.   And he told me there was no point, to ignore my problems and eventually they would go away. No point in offering therapy. No point in offering me support.   His job is literally to keep me alive and even he can't give enough of a shit about me to help. I'm not even angry. I'm not anything. I'm empty. I'm nothing.    Honestly why am I trying so hard."	sw
"I'm done with all the pain, I feel like I'm drowning. Its been a year of hell. I thought that after graduating with a bachelor's degree in IT I could lift myself up. But no company would hire me, no experience they said. A year of getting rejected from all the applications I sent, even KFC. I think I am not even wanted to clean the floors at a BK. A whole year of this, I worked hard to get certified as a substitute teacher. And now I can do it, today I got the letter saying I can start in two weeks.   And today I got another letter from the landlord, he wants the unit empty in 60 days. See my mother is sec 8, so she pays very little rent, recently her portion of the rent went from 140 to 540. Because the department of housing cut the budget to section 8. We can't afford it, and the landlord wants us out.   I've tried looking for a place and I am better off making my own house from scratch. No one wants to rent to sec 8 people because the gov is not willing to pay up what owners are demanding in rent. My mother is 70, without me... she needs help to live. And I am dragging her down. She would be better in a home for the elderly.  My sister and brother don't care, they have their own lives. My brother just said to me. ""You have always been a failure and disappointment, this is what you deserve."" He's right, I've never accomplished anything. I'm terrified of speaking to strangers face to face. I don't have ambition in my life, I'd be happy living in a tiny room forever.   I am nothing but despair to my family and to my mother. I'm 27 years old and I've never lived so why continue this existence of mine. All I feel like is as if I am drowning, seeing a precipice, I think its best to jump. End it all."	sw
"Settling other planets Ok so let's assume we're the only intelligent beings in the universe (even though that's statistically improbable). If we settle on other planets the people living there will evolve to suite the needs of that planet. Maybe theyll have senser bones such as people living on Mars so they can walk naturally on the surface and some will have incredibly thick skins and strong muscles to withstand the pressures of Venus. My point is that even if we are the only ones now, through evolution the human race will evolve into a hundred different species within the next billion years. So in theory we will have created a new form of aliens.   Of course the faster version of this would be terraforming, and even then the planets may not be perfect meaning that the people of one planet will be different the the people's of the other. It's at this point we have to ask if we are all human or are we different species all together? Will there be new forms of discrimination? I feel shows like *The Expanse* do a great job at showing these differences. "	cc
"I just set up my course schedule for my second semester, and I'm feelin' super excited This is my second try at college, after a break year. First go went pretty awfully, so that I've now made it through my semester intact and made another schedule, it feels super good!   I'm just excited in general I guess :D I've made a lot of life improvements in and out of schooling, so to make it through the courses alright is like seeing all of that work come to fruition."	cc
I tried to kill myself last night It’s now 6:54 and all I want to do is try again and again till I’m fucking dead no one cares about me no wants me alive so I see no point in continuing to live on when every thing sucks  this is my goodbye 	sw
"After nearly a year of exhaustive study and deep analysis, I have finally found the coolest user on reddit. "	cc
"Why? I dont get it. Whenever i read reasons to not kill myself, their all the same.  ""People care about you"" fucking bullshit. If people cared, why dont they show it. Do i have to die before they do? ""Live for that next big moment"" and what? Fuck it up, like usual? Ive fucked myself over time and time again. Im heading down a path that is not good at all.   Words over the internet have no traction with me. I dont know you, much less care. You could just be a bot, i cant tell. People dont care about me, more so my contribution to society. You will have no effect on my decisions, or feelings. There is no posible way to show your compasion.  To tell the truth, im scared. If i confess my feelings, people will leave me, a lost cause. My friends will not do anything. They dont care. Every time they hear that someone is suicidal, they call them weak, attention whore. They are all i can get. To everyone else, i am a one trick pony. I can play football, but i am socially awkward, ugly, lazy.  I hope i die by overdosing. Ill die a happy death, something that is completely void from my life. Drugs seem to be my salvation, and hopefully my end.   "	sw
"What are you trying to learn right now? My hobbies mainly revolve around things that go with my mission for that ultimate sentimental life. Food and music are amazing because they bring back and make memories, and are something you can share with others. With dancing, I absolutely love fitness but hate cardio, and want to gain elegance (girls especially think I'm really clumsy in bed and on my feet) and a fancy skill. Music-wise, I've gotten serious about my guitar playing recently and even recorded a cover for Youtube! And with cooking, I learned how to make pasta and pizza yesterday. They didn't come out perfect but I'll figure it out eventually."	cc
"Lost my job and my entire reason to wake up. I went through heavy depression the last year and a half dealing with suicidal thoughts everyday. Every fucking dya i wish the cat that almost hits me would run me off the cliff and id fucking die, or that id take too much medidince or the wrong combo of durgs and never wake up. The only thing that kept me going was my job. I lost that this week. I dont have any motivation left. I have no reason to wake up. People love me and i dont care because i have nothing to love myself. I have nothing to motivate me to keep going. They said theyd continue to be apart of my life and then they betrayed me. My boss i told about my dewpression and suicidal thougghts new my job was my only motivaiton and only thing keeping me from killing myself and acted sympethic in an attempt  to get rid of me. Im drunk sad fucking feel betrayed by the world. I want nothiong more than to not wake up tomorrow if anyone knows how please tell me"	sw
"I'm ending in the stupidest way possible I have a disorder that has drained the life out of me and I can barely go to the store anymore. It's treatable, but I can't afford it. Banks and credit agencies won't help me out, because of being currently unemployed. I used to have a good salary before this, but now I can barely walk up a staircase. I have no one to get help from and i'm about to become homeless. Also my health is deteriorating. I'm imagining jumping off really high, however I have a hard time imagining nonexistence, I'm trying to work up the nerve. I just rather die quickly than wither away slowly. Funny thing is I have health insurance, but in my country the healthcare system is so bad, they don't cover half the things. This is so pathetic I'm so ashamed that I ended up in this situation. If I had attended to this years ago, I would be fine now. If someone robs and shoots me or hits me with a car he would be doing me a huge favor."	sw
"Soon. i gonna die soon. I turn 26 this month and I have nothing to show for it.I just lost my shitty dead end job, I'm fat as hell, i don't have a degree or any way to get a real job, i have osteoarthritis so i cant even work construction. I hate myself thoroughly. Every night before bed i list all the reason's I'm a piece of shit and revel in the suffering they cause me. My suicidal tendencies are paradoxical. I hate myself and simultaneously want to kill myself and cause myself suffering, but soon, I'll kill myself. i have a grill, a bag of charcoal, and a bottle of lighter fluid. i'm gonna get a good fire going, get the goals burning low and add more on top so the charcoal releases the CO2 and place it in my car. i'm gonna wait a few hours for my car to fill with the freeing, noxious gas and get in, go to sleep and never wake up. i'm waiting for my birthday, because i like the symmetry, and Then I'm going to die."	sw
"Too many games I never agreed to play I have a date set, and a plan, and the situation is unlikely to resolve itself any other way, almost entirely because other humans refuse to leave me alone, or listen to me when I say  I'm in pain. For years I've been sharing my brain space with various individuals, most of them I'd known since I was a teen.  I spent my twenties assuming I was insane, because obviously it all had to be a figment of my imagination. It turned out it wasn't.  As I finally broke away from them, I found myself caught up in something else. It was the people I lived with, and their friends, and they pulled my mind apart over and over again for years until they had themselves and other people convinced this was the way I should live. My face and body are covered in marks from self-harm - too many times people knew what they were doing, laughed, continued, and I had no way to distract myself from the horrors they had swarming around my head except to cut at my own skin. Half of the time it's impossible to even get outside, to get into the city centre, or shop, or speak to someone, or perform most of the normal tasks of a functional human being.  I forget what I'm doing - people are pulling the memories from my mind, they push their own thoughts and feelings into holes created  by vicious trauma they've helped cover up. It's a constant nightmare, and it doesn't matter what I do, or how many times or in how many different ways I ask people to leave me alone, or try to explain they're wrong to play along with what was done to me, there are hundreds of people in this city that have knowingly and enthusiastically decided to torture my mind. Others have tried to help, one way or another.  It's become a game. Something people compete in, and through. And every second of it I feel torn apart - pulled in multiple directions at once - sick and dizzy and terrified. Not alone, never alone, never at peace, day and night stuck suffocating on other peoples mental shit.  I have a flat of belongings to organize, so the job doesn't fall to someone else once I'm gone, a package to send, a phone call to make, then I'm done.  I've told the professionals working with me, but then I've told them I wasn't ok with this bullshit for years and they haven't listened, so I'm not really worried about them interfering.  God bless and good luck to anyone reading this, I hope you find a way to help build a better world than the one we live in.  Do no harm Bear no ill will Tell no lie Believe no lie Accept no falsehood Make no compromise  Do good, be good, do better"	sw
"İ feel like i have never belonged in here... İ have never belonged in my society ,my country's people sucks so bad . İ can go away but i need lots of money , i dont know what to do, i hope one day i will find where i really belong and finally will meet with good people. İam really bored from this shitty game, everyone judges because iam listening metal and iam different from them . Why God sent me this shithole ,if he wanted some fun , he has a really bad sense of humour . İ afraid to end like Randy Stair . İam not defending him but atleast iam trying emphathy . Some people are really son of the bitch . They always judyging , blaming or calling you broken for no reason . For example i wore black clothes and they calling me fucking stupid , iam watching porn and they calling me fucking pervert anyway. İ want to get out from this shithole or i will do it in hard way.."	sw
"I need a distraction; let’s talk about anything I need a distraction, let’s talk about anything 🙂 how’s your day going? Anything interesting happen to you today? Anything you want to share? "	cc
"Cannot see a future Hi, new to reddit. I'm a 34 yr old man in the UK, and I didn't have anyone else to turn to, so just wanted to put this out there. I'm not sure why, but I couldn't handle anther night of being stuck in my own head.  I've been struggling with depression and anxiety most of my life, but managed to continue due to achieving the milestones of a normal life. I did well at school, did university and qualified as a doctor. I was getting on with things and from the outside probably looked successful. I got married, and got a mortgage and all that.  But then at 30, I had what I can only term a breakdown. I think it was a combination of hugely antisocial work, a few traumatising experiences on the job, but whatever triggered it, I fell apart. I quit my job, and took 6 months off where I began to feel better.  I then decided to retrain in a less stressful branch of medicine, which I've been doing for the past 2 years. And again, things are going well, had a baby, bought a house.  And I can feel it starting again.  My whole life has been dominated by trying to achieve. But because of this, I've neglected everything else. I've got no friends as when I was breaking down I retreated into myself, started drinking, basically shut down. I have no interests. And hate my job, which is not well paid and still has shit hours.  I had my first breakdown episode at school after a relationship broke down, then had another at university during finals. But I always had family to pick me up.  I first started having suicidal thoughts a few years ago. They became really bad last year, to the point I wrote goodbye letters and practiced hanging myself, but didn't complete.  Now I'm lying here, and can only think of my daughter as a reason to live. I don't like my life at all. I'd happily die in an accident or of an illness, but I'm too cowardly to kill myself. I hope I will die soon, but have a horrible feeling I might live quite a few years more.  Sorry for long post, thanks for listening "	sw
"I don't know if I can do this any more I'm twenty-one and I've been dealing with a messed up head for eight years. Years of therapy and medications haven't done anything, neither has diets or vitamins or exercise or anything else that I've tried. I had to move back in with my parents because I can't take care of myself with day to day life, much less hold a job. My dad is always working and my mom tells me to get over myself and shape up so that I'll stop being a burden on my family, then turns around and says she loves me and wants to do whatever she can to help me. When I tried to take her up on that, she told me that what I said would help me would be an inconvenience for her and she won't do it. I've always had a history of self-harm, and it's been getting worse and worse. I've tried to overdose before but it didn't work, and I've started taking too many pills and cutting a little too deep in the last couple days. Not enough to be dangerous, but close. Nothing has been able to help me, I've isolated myself from everyone, I'm not interested in anything any more, and I've only gotten worse over the years. There is no light at the end of the tunnel. There's no light anywhere. I just want to be done with all this. I can't keep living like I am and there's no hope for things getting better."	sw
"My sixteenth birthday is tomorrow. I’m still alive. I just wish I would die. I didn’t want to live up to this point. It should’ve been a year ago, that I was dead. But, I’m still here. And it hurts. "	sw
"What are some of the weirdest dreams you've ever had? Talking about weird dreams is kinda fun. Especially seeing as how my mind goes flippin insane with my dreams. What are some of strangest dreams you've ever had? Ones that make you go ""WTF"" when you wake up.  Here I'll start,  I once had a dream where I was just walking down the street and I got the idea ""I'm gonna build a rocket"". So I did. I built a rocket and launched it into space. Next thing you know the rocket is flying through space and is filled with rabbits and pumpkins. Because what else would you want to put into space but rabbits and pumpkins? They were floating around too because of the zero gravity.  Yeah, the inner machinations of my mind are an enigma.  What about you?"	cc
"My favorite game to play on Reddit Whenever I see a picture in r/oldschoolcool of OP’s parents or grandparents and they happen to be attractive, I click on the post and scroll through the comments until I find some variation of “No wonder you were born.” Once I find it, (I always do) I upvote the comment, any other comments that make me laugh, and then the post itself, and continue on my way. That is all.  I love it. It makes me laugh, and it’s oddly satisfying to see. I don’t know why."	cc
"How do I save myself? I'm 15 and am a NEET and its a shit life.  I have no friends and I'm disgraceful in the eyes of society.  My entire days are spent trying to find something to pass the time, or else I'll have dark thoughts.  I contemplate suicide every day. How am I supposed to talk about this with anyone without getting thrown in a hospital?  I was put in one when I was 10 and it was disgusting, you get treated like a lab rat for university students to study.  That fear is so big I can't bring myself to talk about it.  I have a psychiatrist and a counselor, but they don't make me feel any better. I don't even know if talking will help.  "	sw
"I hate debating with other people on complex topics. Screw debating, on the internet and in real life. Topics have so many sides to them and there are so many conflicting statistics that say different things that after a while of thinking I never know what stance I want to take on it. Yet so many people find it so easy to do so, and have such an irritating sense of self-righteousness about their opinions at that.  Not only that, but a lot of people (me included if it's something I have a strong opinion on) will get bloody defensive and angry if their obviously correct opinion is challenged. And both sides will say such incendiary, rage-inducing stuff to each other and yet expect the other side to simply accept what they are saying, without acknowledging that both sides have their points. It's almost impossible to think objectively and logically when this is happening.   Eventually the debate becomes more than a simple disagreement and becomes personal, where both sides just want to win in order to demonstrate superiority over the other person. Most of the time whoever ""wins"" is only the person who's the best at arguing and deflecting their opponent's arguments. It has less to do with who's actually right and more to do with the skill of the person making the argument.  So, fuck debating. It's terrible."	cc
"Tall Blondes So I'm at Starbucks and I order a *tall blonde pourover* and the dialog goes something like this...  Female Server 1: (with a taken aback expression on her face): You want a what?  Me: A tall blonde pourover.  Female Server 2: It's a coffee.  Female Server 1: Oh  For the Starbucksese-uninitiated: Tall (**small**) blonde (**light roast**) pourover (**cone shaped filter**, not automatic drip).  Hey I didn't make up the jargon. Given a choice I'd rather just make the coffee myself."	cc
Road rage Anyone else here have some serious road rage? What have you done to work on it? What road rage stories can you share? I’m sorry if I’ve ever given you the middle finger on the road :(	cc
"I hit 2,000 karma! I woke up this morning and obviously the first thing I do is go on Reddit. Then I saw that I had 2,000 karma exactly! I’m just so excited. I lurked for pretty much a whole year not really commenting anything, and until a few weeks ago, I don’t think I even had 1,000 karma.   The thing I’ve learned is that, if you find something funny, don’t hesitate to post/comment it. Odds are other people will find it funny too!"	cc
"My ""new"" BluRay player is friggin' AWESOME My wife and I recently picked up a circa-2011 Magnavox BluRay player at a local thrift shop, I bought a remote for it on Amazon and got it all hooked up yesterday.   This thing is fantastic. I'm slowly building up a media/gaming cabinet and it is proving to be a great choice. I discovered today that it can connect to Netflix in addition to playing BluRay discs, DVDs and media on SD cards.   We're an OSX house, so BluRay is not a thing our computers do very well. I've got serious computer skills and I was never able to make the third-party BluRay/AACS libraries work with VLC on any of our computers. Talk about embarrassing...  I just finished watching the ""Director's Ultimate Edition"" of HEAT. Love that movie. Earlier was the (terrible) 2017 teevee movie/pilot of The Saint on Netflix and a Neon Genesis Evangelion marathon.  A+, great stuff, totally worth the $15 it cost us. "	cc
help -	sw
Is it true suicide voids out life insurance payouts? 	sw
"I don't care anymore. I want to jump in front of a train I don't care if I hurt anyone. I fucking hate society and this world and everyone that inhabits it. For every 1 good person, there's 10 bad ones. Fuck them. Fuck people. I don't care if I inconvenience them or traumatize them. They probably fucking deserve it. My one last fuck you to the world and I get to not exist anymore. Sounds good to me. The world and people hurt me, so I'm hurting them back. "	sw
"Brown bag book covers I was watching Donnie Darko with one of my highschooler kids, and a scene has a book with a brown paper bag cover fall out of a backpack. I asked if that was still a thing.... No... no one does it, no one knows about it... a lost art! "	cc
"What's a more obscure game you'd like to talk about? We all know our Marios, our Fallouts, our CODs and Civilizations, and Minecrafts, but what's a more obscure game series that you hardly ever seen talked about that you'd love to share?  For me it would probably be Sid Meier's Alpha Centauri. It's a civilization-like game, in the distant future on another world, but there's way more to it than that. I'd say it's a better civilization game then any of the actual civilizations.  In place of wonders you have secret projects. you have leaders, skills, and weaknesses based off of ideology rather than just nation of origin and it's culture. You have New and unusual projects, buildings, and units  based off of realistic but still interesting science, and the best part, customizable units. Explaining it doesn't do it justice, just check it out sometime.  Edit: also it has an amazing story. Yeah it's not just a normal civ game where you're an immortal ruler of a country from our history. Alpha Centauri actually has a very interesting story, and a cool world as you progress. And the different leaders are all very interesting as characters."	cc
"Any plans for Easter? It is one of the holidays that I think has the worst food. My family is going to eat lots fish (oven roasted, fried, on sauces etc.), and lots of chocolate. Both are foods I do not like. Think I'll make my own pizza and eat alone.  Anyway, Easter is coming. Got any plans?"	cc
"I just finished my last class of my undergraduate career! 4 years, 42 classes later, all I have left is 4 projects / exams and then I'll be done.  It's an incredibly exciting time, but also a very stressful one.   I do feel a bit liberated though, and part of me doesn't believe it's real, but I am proud of myself and am excited for the next chapter in life.   Just thought I'd share the news :)"	cc
"Learning to stay in my own lane has been a relaxing lesson. At my previous job, I had to wear a lot of hats which meant I got involved with a lot of people, and with that came learning about conflicts between people, certain cliques and tensions. I would always try to deescalate or try to figure out what an issue was. I didn’t realize how exhausting other people’s problems were until I started my new job where everyone’s problems seem so small, now when there’s tension I just stick to doing my job and it’s simplified my work life so much. I felt like I needed everyone to like me or be my friend, letting go of that mindset has really changed how I live my life. "	cc
"I had it together for so long and now everything is falling apart... I am the survivor of two OD's and some days not matter how much progress I've made since then, I am one step away from trying again. I try and stay motivated by remembering how bad the last one was- I couldn't see or walk on my own for almost a week from the cocktail of drugs I took. I can't help that despite all the progress I made I just wanna fucking die. I have PTSD and I am one second from a meltdown 24/7 and no one understands. I am petrified of having a flashback in front of  my friends and having to try and explain and just being so fucking embarrassed. I hate myself. I hate the guy who abused me. I hate that I feel like I will never have a meaningful relationship again because I can never heal from what he did to me. I feel like I should just seek out other shitty guys, because that's all I know how to deal with. I am scared of being loved, scared of being respected, yet it is the one thing I really desire, I hate life and everything in it, but I guess I'll put on a happy face until the end. Is this my last night on earth? Maybe. Is this a shout into the void? Yeah, but what do I have left? My friends are sick of my shit. Hell, I'm sick of my shit. Whatever. Goodbye."	sw
"My friends bailed on a party tonight. Now I’m all dressed up and alone. Help. I’m sad. I can’t find a job and have been super depressed about it. I waited all week to go out for the first time in 3 months, and I bought a new shirt to make myself feel better. Then my friends bailed and I don’t wanna go to a party alone, it won’t be fun. So I’m gonna sit here on my bed, dressed up, alone again."	cc
"i feel nothing. i just tested out my method for the near future. didn't go all the way obviously. it seems very plausible as in how effective it'll be. a lot of the time i break down and cry and cry when i do things like this. but i don't know, i feel absolutely nothing. i'm not afraid of it. i'm ready for it. i feel almost tranquil. i have something that'll work now. i have control over whether i live or die now. i don't feel scared or regretful like i normally do. i think this is it. "	sw
no more fake why can't I have anything real 	sw
"Can't focus at work. Live alone. Never been great at socializing, nobody at work has ever liked me. Just kinda over it. 30 female. Single but not pressed about it. History of all sorts of crazy stuff, parents love me but in their own way. I can't remember the last time anybody in my family asked me anything about my day or what's been going on. Nobody knew my major for almost two years. I asked my dad once and he couldn't even answer me.  Sometimes I'll talk to my dad but when I was a kid he has always used me as his therapist, and after I put my foot down a few years ago we barely talk at all. I barely talk to the rest of my family and I've told them how tough its been lately. Still nobody talks to me or answers my calls even though they are on their phones all day. My extended family hang out a lot but my mom is the black sheep so we don't get invited anywhere unless it's the holidays and then my mom will often just cause some underhanded drama. I'm 30 and only just now in school, i don't even have my associates degree. I think I might have a learning disability, I've always been really inquisitive and I know a lot but as far as putting it into school work I'm often frustrated and don't get things finished. I plan things out but don't always follow through. It will take me hours to study snd when I'm done I just kinda go ""I didn't even get anything done what happened""  Moved around a lot when I was a kid. A new school every year until 10th grade. No matter where I've gone I haven't made long term friends or any friends at all. I've always been bullied. I have high self confidence but low self worth and self esteem. Sometimes I think I am prettier than I maybe am. The friends I have made are great, but will say things like ""I've stuck up for you a lot,"" without telling me what I'm doing. Sometimes I think I'm just totally unaware of what I'm doing. Some people automatically dislike me especially some other women. Guys I do date are generally great but I run them off.  I think I've been suicidal since I was 10-12. Attempted three times as a teenager and kinda rode the ""I'm still here so there has to be a reason"" thing. Lately though it hasn't been working.  I'm easily frustrated with myself. I complain a lot, like way too much. I was super duper entitled though my 20s. Now I've calmed down but I have no idea how to act most of the time.  I have a therapy appointment on Thursday. I'm hoping to get some sort of coping techniques. Maybe advice. My last two therapists were awful. I'm medicated but I'm just totally stressed out and I don't know if it will end soon or not.  Sometimes I just don't even know. I'm trying to hold out bc my grandma but I barely see her since I work so often. I work 5 days a week and take 12 credits and live alone and my plants are all dying, I don't know why. Even though I'm in school full time I will probably be 35-36 before I have my bachelors. I have a job in my field but I'm not doing as well as my boss likes. It's such a great company and he knows everyone else in the field in the area so if I leave then I think I will have trouble getting hired.  I'm just so lost. "	sw
"Bye reddit! I'm gonna be able to do it soon, I know it. I'm not leaving a note so I guess that's why I felt the need to write this well no one's gonna read it but bye"	sw
"I just want to venti Almost a year ago I tried to kill myself. I took 26 vicodins and washed them down with some vodka, took three tabs of lsd because I had them on hand and thought ‘fuck it I’m gonna die anyway why not.’ I locked myself in my bathroom and when I started feeling the effects, went to my family room and gave my sister a hug. Following that I fell asleep. I have no idea why I didn’t stop breathing in my sleep, but I woke up hours later and I thought that I failed. I knew I would have severe liver damage if I lived, so I had my mom take me to the hospital where I stayed until I was put into a psych ward for kids who have severe depression. After being put on meds, I was doing better until school started up (I’m still in high school) Since the meds stopped working or whatever, I’ve started cutting a bit, and am having fairly common suicidal thoughts again. I’ve also stated using drugs and alcohol again.   Thanks for reading this if you got all the way through and I really just wanted to put this all out since I have t talked about my attempt since it happened. "	sw
"im such a fucking disappointment i cant even fucking kill myself...i pussied out b4 i lost conciousness..im such a fucking retard for cutting the rope...ffs..fuck this,fuck life and fuck myself for backing out last second..im SUCH a fucking disappointment"	sw
"I would’ve done it tonight if I wasn’t so afraid of what comes after. I’m just going to vent, you don’t have to read if you don’t want to.   I’m a 20 year old girl in college. I lost two good friends to suicide. The last one I lost two years ago on March 19th and it’s not gotten any easier and the idea of being with her somewhere makes it sound much less scary. I’m just so tired of not being enough for my family and friends. I’m so alone. I have friends but they only want to talk if they need help but if I come around basically pleading for help, no one is there. I just don’t feel that anyone would miss me because no one really knows I’m here at this point. I know how ridiculous that sounds. Ever so often, more often now than ever before, I have these fucking breakdowns and anxiety attacks where nothing at all matters to me and I just fall apart. I used to self harm and I’ve been clean for several years but no matter what, whenever anything goes wrong, it is always my first thought. I’m so sick of living my life as this anxious lonely person. If I could, I would do it right now. I’m scared for my family but I know they’d be able to move on. I’ll also have random bouts of recklessness where I just want to wrap my car around a tree or drive off a cliff. I don’t even realize it’s happening until I’m about to do it. I know I need to talk to a professional but I’m scared they’ll lock me up or diagnose me with something that’ll go in my file and ruin my future. I don’t know what to do anymore.   TLDR; I’m sad and want to die but I can’t go through with it."	sw
Divorce ripped my heart out to the point where I don't care if I die. I just want the pain of her leaving me to fuck some other guy to go away. It's been years and I still have to numb out because I can't cope with how my life turned out. 	sw
"Girlfriend hit rough spot an dwants to end it. My girlfriend has the worst luck of anyone I've ever met. Just awful fortune... But today she hit what she calls her breaking point. She is 700 dollars in credit card debt (maxed both of her cards out), has no money whatsoever, and her brake fluid has a leak on it (expensive fix) so she can't drive her car anywhere. Has to drop out of school for failing grades and transport issues which means she has to pay back her grant of 14k. I don't know how to help her except to say that this is a rough spot that she can and will get through. All she wants right now is to end it.... What can I do??? "	sw
"I'm seriously considering suicide in the coming days. Throwaway I'm a junior in highschool. I have depression with borderline tendencies. It's struck me recently exactly how pointless everything I do is. I'm normally a good student but I have a 50 and a 30 for this quarter because I can't muster up the motivation to do my schoolwork. None of my friends actually care about what I'm going through. My girlfriend is just using me to get to one of my friends but I'm so starved for affection I don't even care. I've started self harming again. I've attempted suicide before but this time I want to do it right. I've done so much wrong and I can't deal with it, I can't cope with it. I'm sorry if this didn't make any sense."	sw
"Can't handle it anymore 22 years old. From singapore.Suffering from OCD, severe social anxiety, borderline personality disorder and severe depression. been bullied and outcasted for as long as i can remember, I have 0 friends. everyone i knows goes away in the end.  Currently a bartender but managers are really toxic.the only reason to why im still alive was my girlfriend and she broke up with me one day after my birthday. Everyone comes to me for help, i do my best because i know how it feels like to be kicked when you're down, but when i need somebody nobody is ever there. My life is a mess, im not good enough for anything or anyone and i just want to die"	sw
Bye I can't do it anymore goodbye world I dont belong here	sw
"I grew up with Facebook and I wouldn't #deletefacebook any time soon, what kind of people are deleting Facebook? Half the comments are ""if you have someone's phone number or email address, you're friends. But if you contact them through FB/Messenger, you're not friends."" Today I learned I'm friends with zuck@fb.com.  > Facebook was just starting to become popular before I turned 13 (which is the minimum age for Facebook). Our teachers were telling us not to use Facebook because we could accidentally expose information that could hurt us in the future. Nevertheless, many of us made Facebook accounts with fake birthdays. It was a big deal if someone turned 13 and could change their birthday to their real birthdays. >  > I added pretty much everyone I was acquaintances with on Facebook. My classmates at several schools, my friends at extracurricular activities, my co-workers, people I've met at social events and never seen again, girls on Tinder, and other people I've met online. >  > In other words, I can contact almost every single friend or acquaintance that I've ever made through Facebook. The only friends I can't contact are those from my early childhood. >  > In this scenario, there's no way I'd delete Facebook. If I go to a city that I know a former classmate lives in, I can message them to ask if they want to catch up. If I make a new friend, we'd check our mutual friends on Facebook and easily have something to talk about. If I met someone at a party, didn't add them on Facebook, but want to talk to them again, I can easily find them with just a first name. >  > I have a total of 2 friends who I know deleted their Facebook accounts. This was years ago and they've reactivated their accounts a few months later. >  > For my generation, Facebook's benefits far outweigh the risks. There's no substitute at the moment. I'm younger than the texting generation and older than the Snapchat/Instagram generation. It's not like Snapchat or Instagram are more private than Facebook anyway. >  > If you've deleted Facebook or at least considered doing so, I'm interested to know your situation. If your social life isn't so dependent on Facebook like mine is, why is that? >  > If you're 18 - 25 and deleted your Facebook account, I'm especially interested. Do you only keep in touch with a small subset of your friends through some other medium? Wouldn't your friends make plans through Facebook and leave you out?"	cc
"Unsure how to survive. I’m new to reddit. So be patient with me while I figure it out. And I posted this in another thread but unsure if it was the right one. Bit of a backstory for you... I’m 24, almost 25. My maternal grandparents adopted me when I was 10 years old. However I have been with them since I can remember. For all intents and purposes, THEY are my mom and dad. It’s been a rough past few years. A lot of cancer and sadness in my family. A few years back, my beloved aunt and uncle both died. (They originally wanted to adopt me however obviously my grandparents did instead), so you can imagine how close I was to them. It was devastating: my uncle hung himself, my aunt died of cancer a few months later. Then I had my beloved great grandma also pass from cancer. Fast forward a year, another immediate family member who I was extremely close to, also passed from cancer. Then a year later, another one, from you guessed it.. cancer.. Every time it seems to get better... my world comes crashing down again.   Every since I can remember, I have had a phobia of losing my parents. I don’t mean a normal fear like everyone has.. we are talking night terrors every night up until 15. Huge separation anxiety issues. Daily therapist sessions, medications, you name it. Still dealing with it today. Besides that, I am (was) INCREDIBLY close to them both. We argued when I was a teenager but who doesn’t. They are(were my best friends). I was always able to let my mom know how much I loved her but for some reason I found it a little harder to vocalise this with my dad. Nevertheless; he was my hero and we shared the same dry, dark sense of humour and love of food and endless horror movies.  In October of 2017, my incredible and much loved mother was diagnosed with a rare form of nasal cancer that had spread to her liver. We were told there was no cure, and without some kind of chemo, that she would be dead in 6 months. She flew back to Arizona from New Zealand for her treatment, as it would be faster and her insurance would make it a little cheaper for her out here.   My Dad and I gave her a months head start then him I and decided to pick up our things and I quit my job, and left my girlfriend, sister(cousin), and life behind in New Zealand to come back to the USA to look after and support my mom and his wife during this time. We were all so heartbroken as yet again, the cancer bug latched itself onto our family. But this time it was to the one closest to me. Devastated is an understatement.  I suppose at this point I should mention that my dad also had stage 4 emphysema and COPD, and even though it was a bleak sounding future. He was actually ok. Managed to get around okay was just a little slower than the rest of us. The second him and I landed in New Zealand, 3 days in, he was hospitalised for pneumonia. And for those of you who are familiar with copd know.. ever sickness big or small to them can be the difference between life or death. He stayed in there 2 weeks. Was out for a week...had to be rehospitalised again for another 3 weeks. Was home for 2 weeks, and ended up back in hospital again. It was clear his lungs were failing and he was getting aspiration pneumonia again and again. He became weak and was so disgusted with himself that he couldn’t even look after his terminally ill wife. He went from a man who was so happy about life, and independence, to a man reliant on oxygen 24/7, could barely talk without his lungs giving out, couldn’t walk, and completely bedridden in hospital constantly. It got to the point where he was unable to eat because of the aspirations as well so in turn he lost so much weight and in turn because even more weak. He was on a bipap 24/7 and it did nothing. All over the period of 3 months. It was unbelievable. We thought he would get out of hospital this last time. He wasn’t happy back in the USA and no matter what, once mom was done with her chemo and if things went into remission for a little while, no matter WHAT even if he was still deathly ill himself... he wanted to be back in New Zealand and die there. However he was told that it would either be intubation(life support) or hospice and the choice needed to be made fast. Dad didn’t want to live with a tube down his throat but also was adamit he didn’t want to go to hospice as to him this meant certain death.   Unfortunately doctors that night were clear with him that it was either hospice or intubation, for which he would be sedated the whole time, as nothing else was working. He was moved to hospice at 11:30pm this Tuesday. Was given morphine and Ativan to relax him and make breathing easier. And died at 8:30 am the next morning (yesterday).   (Will continue below in a comment)"	sw
"I'm losing my mind trying to find my passion in life. I would love to learn to just enjoy my life. Any advice For the past 3 years I've spent at least an hour a day trying to figure out what my passion might be. I have a decent job, great fiance, wonderful home life, and yet I'm not able to enjoy any of it because I can't stop thinking about what my passion is.    I don't have any hobbies other than reading, gaming, and baking. And honestly I don't know why those aren't enough. I feel like i NEED to be creating something all the time or else I'll wither.   I need some sense of purpose. Please help."	cc
"i dont know what to do. im horrible at this type of thing.   ive been in a strange situation in life these past few months. ive been suicidal/depressed since 2009, and over the past 2-3 years ive gotten so much better, but ever since august ive completely fallen apart, and suicide is the only option i see as a solution."	sw
"Lost the will to continue I tried to get motivated every single day and hype up about what to do every morning.  But I just cannot keep up with 'Life'. It's making my mind blow up.  Okay, I realize that it's hard to dedicate oneself to keep up with life so I tone down a bit.  Now it seems I've tone down too hard and it is very very difficult to grasp back what you have in your life.  What is the purpose of life? Am I even needed in this world? I have upcoming exam in a month.  I don't think I can excel. I've been thinking of vanishing from this world.  Sometimes I think that I born in a wrong world.  Is it worth it? To go on with life? My head hurts so much."	sw
"Anyone else tend to forget a lot of details about their friends? This fact has only worsened my self-deprecation. I forget just about everything: age and birthday, course and level/job position, their likes/dislikes and previous experiences, etc.  Don't get me wrong, I love my friends! It's definitely not a memory issue, it only happens with friends and relatives!   But, it's gotten so bad for me I've recently started literally writing notes of every bit of info I have about them so I can review them. Look at this shit, lmao :(  Edit: Meh, I removed the photo of my notes."	cc
"Got on the wrong train twice My easter holiday started today, so i decided to walk around the city and see more of the old town. I got on the first train, then got off at the wrong station. When i got back onto the train, I scrolled reddit until i realised I was on the wrong train. I switched trains again, and only realised I was 30km away in the wrong direction after the train reached the terminus. So, im travelling back home (60-70km) after a throughly unsucessful day.  Wbu?"	cc
"Just an existential, life conversation Please include your thoughts and deepest contemplations. Are we merely fish out of water, jumping out of an ocean of complete nothingness, something even less than deep sleep, or do we have incorporeal souls that have some type of inertia or momentum of energy? Are we ‘pure awareness’ without birth or death, or is “this it, coyote.” Can there be awareness without perception and subsequently awareness without an instrument of consciousness, such as a body? What would ‘pure awareness’ be if there were no experiential confirmation of knowing and being? It’s like this question plagues my entire existence but it really doesn’t. I still play my video games, take my walks, go to work, etc. If I had a greatest wish it would be that forever and always, timelessly, everything would increasingly become more and more prosperous and awesome and clear as to what the fuck all of this is. Like why have existence, why is all of this here, if it isn’t always the epitome and seen as the epitome of ultimate ascension and beauty and brilliance and magnificence and peace and awesomeness by all beings, always? I feel like my soul, if there is to be as such, comes out of nothingness through the Universe and is up to the surface in entirety. It is of love and only wants the best, whatever truly best means. There seems to be a barrier of unknowing, where there’s no choice, complete uncertainty."	cc
"The pain of existence So I've been looking for a place to vent. I don't feel like I'm in immediate danger but at the same time I do.   I don't know where to start so I'm just going to start venting. I am 25 and have battled with depression for most of my adult life. I would say a huge factor in this is my father. He's a good person and loves me I know, but he has his own demons. There is a very personal past with my grandfather that gave him his own issues mostly anger. This led me to spend most of my pubescent time doing what my dad wanted me to do. Spending time with him, trying to make him happy, trying to keep him from getting angry. I think the main result of this was at the time I should have been developing social skills I wasn't. This left me with crippling social anxiety and I have no true friends and I often feel I have no clue how to communicate, especially with the opposite sex. I'm extremely extremely lonely. There is much more to this but I don't want to get too personal in public. This started me down my path.   Couple this with the fact that when was 21 I was diagnosed with a chronic back condition. While we were diagnosing this and figuring out what treatment works for me I spent months in bed and slipped into a deep depression that i spent years ignoring. I spent some of this time contemplating suicide very seriously just to escape the pain. Eventually we were able to control the pain but the depression stayed.   Fast forward to last year bad I finally sought help for the depression and anxiety issues I have been having. I have been fighting for every inch of progress and I feel like I have a mountain left to climb. I still battle with a certain disregard for whether I wake up in the morning if not actively suicidal.   Now I have had a massive resurgence of back pain that hasn't responded to treatment and I am spending 24 hours a day in near unbearable pain. I don't want to live if this is what existence is going to be like. The pain has consumed my mind and I can't help but pause for a second every time I see a viable way to stop the pain. The pain has become everything I am, consumed me and my mind. All I can think about is ending this pain. The loneliness, the emotional pain, and the physical.   I have no fight left. I have lost all will and energy to resist and I'm scared of what every passing hour of pain is bringing me closer to. I've admitted that I will be alone forever and I'm afraid I will be in pain forever. I don't want all that pain to last for another 50 years. I enjoy nothing and have no one. I love to go be miserable and in pain in a shitty job just so I can barely scrape by. Overcoming my lack of courage will be my final act. It's just a matter of how long I last.   "	sw
"Chat about life / any recommendations? Been having a rough time lately and can’t quite see an upward trend happening any time soon. Because of it, I’ve been really backing away from the people I know IRL, saw this, and figured I’d post. Want to talk about life or rant? Have any sort of recommendations for shows or movies or even other subreddits to look through?"	cc
"scott pilgrim vs. the world i just wanna talk about how good this movie is, i appreciate it so much. first off, the soundtrack is amazing, nigel godrich is a genius and the comic style editing is so perfect. plus Michael Cera and p much all of the cast played their roles wonderfully, and just the general storyline of the movie is genius and unique. it's definitely one of my top 5 movies right now!! now I just wanna watch more Edgar Wright movies :^)"	cc
"Guys I nailed an interview yesterday I reapplied to a company I previously got rejected from. The interview went great. I was super confident. As I’m leaving the parking lot they call and ask me to come back as the CFO wants to meet me. I go back and chat with her and that went super well. She was asking me when I could start if hired, what pay I’d want, all sorts of positive things! As I was waiting for my elevator I heard the CFO talking to my initial interviewers saying “I’m glad you guys had him come back.”  Guys I am so excited. "	cc
Dark I’m a waste of space 	sw
"I’m probably going to kill myself in the next month I don’t know why I’m posting here, I don’t think I’ll be convinced. I have reasons to do this and is a hanged mans noose the same as a long drop noose? 17 feet should break my neck instantly. The issue is setting  up and getting the rope hence why a month. This is the best option. Sorry I couldn’t an hero and do a backflip but I don’t wanna die that way plus I kind of hate Spider-Man. You people aside from my family are probably the last ones who will ever talk to me again and I kind of just want an honest discussion without it getting heated. Anyway love you guys."	sw
"The deafening question: Should I stay or should I go? I’m at a seriously pivotal point in my life. I’m 25, in a committed relationship, just signed a new lease and bought a car, I’ve accomplished so many of my goals within the last year.... and I just have this overwhelming sensation to go. To run and abandon it all.   I’m not sure why. I don’t think leaving would help solve anything. I’d probably be more sad, than I would be relieved. But the mundane life I’m living right now is terrifying me. Maybe I should have dreamed bigger? Or like, chosen to never settle.   Do you ever feel like this? How do you make it through the “run like hell” moments?"	cc
"What embarrassed you recently? I think the most recent embarrassing moment I had this week was when I was talking to my crush and i was really hyped about the topic were discussing and then suddenly he told me that I'm 'spraying' saliva on his face, then laughed. It was not mean or anything but it was totally embarrassing! Now, I have to watch out or move farther from him the next time I talk to him, I guess. "	cc
"i just started doing fundraising for the first time this year and feel super happy and excreted! each year i try and do some degree of fundraising because i love the idea i'm doing something good. i don't NEED to do it, no one expects me to do it, so i am doing it purely for good reasons!   -- -- This year i started fund raising for Teenage Cancer Trust. April to mid may is my main fundraising time. currently i have a few days in my inflatable dinosaur costume with a bucket, made some posters, but there are two main events im running to get the majority of my fundraising. first, im doing a charity raffel for my games club where i just got £150 worth of things donated by an artist.i was blown away.  -- --   but the main way i'm fundraising this year is by hiking 87 miles and wild camping over a 5 day period. honestly im super excieted to couple two things i love together in such a way.   -- --  sorry if this is a bit rambly. i am just  so excieted to raise money for a good cause!"	cc
"I'm doing it I am exactly as my username reads: a worthless cunt.  I have no friends and barely any family, and the family I do have are either insane or backstabbers.  Or both.  I had a bright future ahead of me when the person I loved more than anything in the world decided to spread lies about me to my employer.  They believed him over me even though they don't know him.  Now I can't even get a job working in a fucking grocery store.  My childhood was filled with beatings and molestation.  But I'm a liar.  I'm a liar, I'm a liar, I'm a liar.  I can't make money to support my elderly mother.  I've failed her.  I'm a worthless piece of shit, a waste of space.  I've been waiting since I was 12 for it to get better.  I am 25.  It's not getting better.  I look forward to dying, because either I'll wind up someplace different than this, or I'll stop existing altogether.  I can't wait."	sw
"Computer Suggestions I'm not sure where to post this, so suggestions would be great! I'm looking for a desktop to get my family, but don't know where to start. I have a budget of ~$800. They would mainly just use it for personal use like shopping, streaming videos, some school assignments. Thanks!"	cc
"My friend told me he wants to kill himself He basically feels like everyone would be better off without him. He drinks a lot and is under a lot of stress and pressure from parents. He told me not to tell anybody but obviously his safety is most important. I have absolutely no clue how to handle this situation and any advice is appreciated. I was thinking of offering to pay for some therapy sessions and talking him into it or something because I assume the last thing he wants to do is spend his own money on something he believes won’t help. I’m really lost and I know this is a very fragile situation and what I do means life or death with him so please advise me how to handle this. Also if anyone is going to suggest telling his parents, I don’t think that would work because as soon as he realizes they know and I told them he will realize the only person he thought he could trust has betrayed him and that would probably be the final nail in his coffin (plus he blames his parents in the first way for how he feels)."	sw
"I really hate when people honk for minor or no reasons. Remember that time, you had to stop at a red light and after it turned green again, it took you one second to actually process it and start driving again? Too late, you got that loud honk from the car behind you, making you feel like a total human garbage. Or when you sprinted across the road when the car was 5 minutes away and they still honk to show you that they are much more clever than you are and that you shouldn't EVER cross the road in front of them AGAIN.  Everytime someone honks for no reason or a minor reason often cause by their little to no patience, I want to turn into every GTA character ever and throw them out of the car onto the road.  I don't know if it happens so much in my country only or if this is a worldwide thing (Actually, I've traveled quite a lot and I haven't see it so much elsewhere) so I'm really curious if you guys hate this too or even if you are that person (No worries, I won't judge you) I feel like my friends do not get angry about this and they even honk at every opportunity they're given, so I want to know if I'm weird or this is a common thing.  "	cc
"Stupid rules at your school/workplace? I was just told I couldn't enter the library at my uni because of my ripped jeans. I don't even normally wear them, I'm usually in a hoodie, t-shirt and leggings. Just felt like dressing up today. I don't quite understand why, like just because I have ripped jeans doesn't mean I'm some sort of delinquent who's going to go around ripping books. Honestly, I think the dress code at my uni is ridiculous since it's a private institution and we're adults. I understand some sort of dress code is necessary, but goodness it's like high school all over again :/  What are some stupid rules you've had to follow?"	cc
"Terrified of Leaving my Grandparents for College In the coming year I will be leaving Southern California and going to Humboldt in Norcal for college. I have been planning it for years and was excited.  Now it hit me that I'll be leaving my grandparents. I was raised by them and they're in their 80s now, I'm terrified something could happen when I'm gone and I don't want to leave them. I'm now debating staying local and going to Cal Poly or something closer for it. I really don't know what to do."	cc
"Death can't come soon enough. Sort of a vent but, living is painful. I came to the conclusion that I might never kill myself, but I don't really care if I die, either. If someone were in the act of murdering me, I might night even defend myself. I just came back from walking outside and a car nearly hit me; I honestly wish it did. Only thing I do is frustrate the ones around me. I'm never validated, but maybe I don't deserve it. Whatever. I really can't live anymore. I don't want to live. It's painful...."	sw
"It's probably a good time to die Why are people still reproducing instead of fighting for our rights and our future? The world will be soon inhospitable for the human race. The US government is turning into a dysopian government slowly under our noses and nobody gives enough shit. Every branch of health care from primary care to mental health care are crumbling. Profit before the People. You're SOL if you were born into a low-income family with a disability.  Why even carry on? Why even live when there's not many years left on this planet and you're already suffering.  Fuck this shit.  EDIT: just to clarify, I'm not telling anyone to kill themselves. It's just how I see things and I don't want to live through this anymore."	sw
"I don't wanna kill myself, I just wish I was never born. "	sw
"I don’t know what to do. Moving has been the worst decision my parents have ever made. Two years later, I still have no way of getting to a job or anywhere by myself. The only way I leave the complex I live in is when my father has the time and energy to take me out. I’m tired of living like a caged animal. I need to be able to act my fucking age and take care of some shit by myself but I can’t. I want to get out of here so bad.   When I’m in the complex we live in, I don’t really  go out. Whenever I do leave my house, I get stalked and harassed by the same assholes. I wish I could escape them but his place is so small, you can’t avoid anyone. I don’t feel safe or welcome.   I’m tired of feeling so this hopeless. I just want to have some kind of control over my life but it feels like it’s just not gonna happen.  I feel worthless. "	sw
"I don’t know what to do anymore I broke apart a razor for the first time in 2 years. I wanna cut so badly. No body can explain what’s going on with me. Everything’s so much worse out of nowhere, my PTSD, my depression, everything. My own girlfriend says she doesn’t think I can be helped. I don’t know what to do, I’m lost I’m confused I wanna cut and down some pills. I’m feeling exactly like I did before when it was bad.   Edit: I can’t take pretending to be happy for her and everyone else anymore. it’s too hard to pretend"	sw
"Talk me down off the ledge I’m ready to go, I have the means, and I’m ready to jump (figuratively) and just end it and honestly I... I think I maybe want to live.. but at the same time I wanna just go to sleep and never wake up "	sw
I have 3 of the same Self affirmations will they work or will it ruin it? I have 3 self affirmations about procrastination   I am always taking action  I act now  I take charge and get things done  My question is will having 3 affirmations for the same thing (procrastination) ruin it? Or will it work better with 3 affirmations instead of just one? 	cc
"Has anybody got a favourite alcoholic drink? Personally, Captain Morgans has to be the best, a close runner-up would be Southern Comfort and Jack Daniels."	cc
"It hurts to much to be alive It feels like I can't get a break. My whole entire life he's just been constant non-stop pain and it doesn't go away. the last 3 months were the only time my life I was truly happy and now that's ruined. I don't know what to do, im hurting so much. I'm the type of person that takes my meds on time, I exercise, i goto therapy, I take care of myself. everything hurts. the person I love completely broke me I still can't believe it don't know what to do"	sw
"Gf is leaving and I already kinda hate life so this could lead to some baaad stuff I live in Shanghai, I go to an international school and have been going there for half a year. Being in an international school means that all my friends come from different countries and nationalities but all speak English. Because if that, anyone could have to leave at any time because of their parents' business. I'm not exactly in the best position with mental health, I haven't been diagnosed with anything but I tend to feel sad all the time so the fact that quite a few of my friends will be leaving soon isn't exactly helping. Recently, I got a girl. She is cute, kind, pretty and perfect for me but she's leaving. She's the best thing that has happened to me since I got her and is really helping me with my current mental state. She's sort of working as a really hot distraction for all of my depressing and Nihilistic thinking. When she leaves I feel like I'm going to give up and I don't know what's gonna happen to me. What do?   "	sw
"Waiting (impatiently) for my loan officer to see if I get approved... I'm going to explode with anxiety waiting on a response from my loan officer.  If I get approved I will officially be on the hunt for my very own home.  I'm trying not to get my hopes up too much, but I am just so excited to finally be on the right track for myself and my daughter.   Is anything exciting happening for you guys today? "	cc
"I really want to quit Facebook but I can’t First off I am not addicted or anything. I want to quit it because there are so many stupid people out there it kind of drives me nuts - especially my close family. Quitting it would feel so good but I keep it because:  I don’t see many of my family members and it helps me keep up with them  I have a baby girl and if I don’t post pics of her my family would never see her  If I quit, I would be out of the loop to the stupid movements and arguments out there  Do you guys still have your Facebook?"	cc
I'm tired but can't sleep I'm perpetually fatigued but I'm never able to sleep. Life is difficult. I spent all day watching Netflix and eating banana bread (no regrets) so I guess I still have some energy inside me.  Share your favourite thing. Unless the said favourite thing is celery. Keep that (wrong) opinion to yourself!	cc
"I had an awesome weekend. How was everyone else doing? I bought a Nintendo switch on Friday and I’m so happy about it. Thank god for tax returns! I got my homework out of the way on Friday as well. I saw some rugby and then partied the night away. Woke up and went hiking through the snow while day drinking on Saturday. Partied that night away as well. Then woke up today and went spring skiing and now I’m drinking a gin and tonic and sitting outside in the beautiful weather. How is everyone else’s life going? Usually I work weekends, but I had this one off and I took advantage. It makes me stoked!"	cc
"Moving from Florida to California....driving Been on the road 18 hours now, we're half way through Kansas. Desperately grasping for reasons not to kill ourselves. What should we do to pass the time? "	cc
"I’m really bad at games. Board games, video games, card games, you name it, I’m bad at it. Anyone else relate? Even when I put time into these things I don’t get very good. There are some games I’m alright at, but I still never get to the same level as my friends. I’m good at some sports, I think that’s because they don’t require a lot of thought, they’re more intuitive. But I’ve always had good grades, so I don’t get why I’m bad at the cognitive part of these games. I find that I really don’t enjoy thinking through all of the possibilities in strategy games. I also dislike the knowledge gap I have when I try a new game.   I guess I’m ranting a little, I’m feeling a bit discouraged :P. What about you all? Any of you gamers have some tips for us non-gamers who want to at least be competitive?"	cc
"Bipolar disorder is causing me to witness my own decay. I, for a long time have been dealing with bipolar disorder. While the up's are divine, the low's are too horrible to even describe. My depressive phases tend to last from 2 up to 4 months. 4 months of ineptitude,tiredness, boredom, sadness, psychotic symptoms with the cherry on the top emotional numbness. On the top of that i have unconsciously spiraled into nihilism and i feel as nothing but a disposable commodity in the eyes of time. Life became a chore. "	sw
"I’ve been in the hospital for 3 days and will probably stay some more days. Can we talk about some fun and distracting things? Hello!  So I’m hospitalized for some infection after my appendectomy(nothing life threatening!), and looks like I’ll be here for a couple days more.  I’m obviously bored, but also tired from all the meds. Would love to read some fun and hopefully distracting conversation whenever I’m just sitting on my bed letting the IV do its thing.  What do you guys feel like talking about?  P.S: sorry if I’m not very responsive (a bit dazed). But I promise I’ll read everything you write!"	cc
"I used to be afraid That thinking about what would happen if I kill myself. The permanent presence of darkness and the things I would never see or experience anymore.   Hell, half of me imagines waking up in the hospital. Would things change then if that happened? Clearly not. Well, things would have changed 'cause it means I failed killing myself and in turn a permanent damage on myself.   But now? I'm not afraid. I feel happy actually. I'll do it April 10, Tuesday. 3 AM.  Already talked to my best friend. Said my goodbye, she suspects I was gonna cut her off again. That's good, but it's sad since she said sorry she doesn't open up to me but might say it someday... I won't be there anymore.   I've thought of stabbing myself in the guts. So I really won't have reasons to survive.   Why I'm doing this? Since I've got such a perfect life? I don't know. Maybe I'm self-destructive. Maybe I can no longer live with my anxiety. Maybe I can no longer live feeling nothing. Maybe I've lose the purpose of who I am. Maybe because i've ruined my friendship with my best friend. Maybe i'm done being a burden to my parents.   Maybe.   Only problem is, it would have been nice though. To see what would happened after I died. I'll make a post again, but for mow i'm gonna make the most of my Sunday and Monday. "	sw
"If you were to go to college on non-STEM degree, what major would you choose and why? Basically the title. I'm trying to gain some outside opinions on the matter, because my family is very science-ey and does not have any wisdom to share and a major part of them would lose their figurative s*it if they knew I am not going to get a STEM degree. So, what I'm asking is, which humanities major offers the best prospects for future? Thanks in advance!"	cc
"I've got a new phone but now I have to get rid of my old one, does anyone have attachment issues with their old things or is it just me? It's been a couple days since I've got my hand-me-down phone and I'm still coming to full terms with giving up my old one, it's the only one that's worked great and lasted as long as it has. Just curious if anyone else has gone through something like this too or not? EDIT: OK everyone, I’ve come to terms, it’s time to let go of my phone. Thank you all for sharing your stories with me."	cc
"How do you guys afford paying rent while being in school? I'm a nursing major so my workload is usually very high, plus I do not get paid much at my job (9.42 an hour) next fall I'm going start renting in my own, as of right now I'm just paying my utilities and other bills.  How are you able to afford rent, utilities, and things like food and internet?  I know the rule is rent should be no more then 25% if my income, but there isn't a place that can cost in my area that isn't at least 35 with utilities. I won't be able to work full time, and I can't find a job that pays well without more experience or a degree.  How do you guys afford it and your keep mental health up?"	cc
"Is not ""caring"" so much about most things really a bad thing? Alright so this has occurred 3 times now with 3 different girls (who are just good friends) where when having a conversation about whatever with them they always say something along the lines: ""well, what do you care about"" or ""when do you ever care.""  It's not that I'm not ever interested in what they're saying, I just seem to have a more relaxed opinion on almost everything for the most part. Things that would typically bother  the average person, doesn't really bother me  and most of my responses are never anything negative. I usually try and be optimistic as much as possible. But this way of thinking seems to come off as me ""not ever caring about anything"". This isn't my intention at all, I just try and not let little  things get to me. I don't see a reason to sweat  over the small stuff. But ultimately, this mentality has led people into thinking I don't care about anything which is just not true. Just because something doesn't upset or bother me, doesn't mean I don't care. I guess I just need a new way to express my thoughts, opinions, and feelings. Who knows. "	cc
"About to sleep Hey there, not really sure what to say.  If you'd like to vent or be vented to,  perhaps we can chat. I'd like to get out of my head, things just seem so hard. Guess I'm feeling emotional right now.  Anyways perhaps we can talk in the morning. Night. "	sw
"My perception of my life and myself doesn't seem OK. Ever since I was about 14 I struggled with low self-esteem, lack of self-worth and suicidal thoughts. I'm turning 23 in two weeks. Throughout the years I tried to rationalize that it's just puberty, a phase and it will get better. It didn't.  I feel bad about wasting all this time, not doing all the fun stuff you are supposed to do as a young person living in the best point of civilized world's history, not acquiring any useful skills, barely making any friends. I have trouble believing that people genuinely like me, it feels like they just pity me.  I don't know how to carry on with my life. I've been getting some crappy, unsatisfying jobs just to live on my own, I don't think I could enjoy any job ever. My interactions with people, even friends, feel shallow and dishonest, like I'm only taking their time and energy without giving anything in return. The future scares me, I'm afraid everything will only get worse with time.  There is a certain emptiness stemming from never having been in a relationship, let alone having sex. After lurking FA and Incels subreddits for a while however, I realised it's best not to think about it too much. I seem to have bigger problems.  While I know that suicide might not be the way to go, I have no idea how to improve my situation and, well, stop feeling miserable. I don't talk about it to anyone, it's not my intention to put this burden on other people. At least I can leave it here for you to decide if it's worth reading and replying."	sw
"I will kill myself tonight I just can‘t do this anymore. I have zero friends, I dropped out of school this year (I’m 16) because of my social anxiety and panic attacks. People don‘t even know I exist. I have no future. The last time I left my house was 9 months ago. My family abuses me, fuck, I even got raped when I was little. Everything just hurts so much. I never had friends/a girlfriend or anyone I could talk to. I lay in bed all day, if I‘m lucky I maybe even manage to force myself out of bed and sit in front of my PC. My life is pointless and no one cares. I will do it tonight."	sw
"gonna go jump tonight just wanted to get a few words out hey gonna go jump and kill myself tonight, it’s been okay so i’m just gonna vent it’s okay nobody cares about me anyway so it won’t make a difference   nobody cares   literally all my friends barely even acknowledge me anymore or try to help me and they’ve just given up on me and they literally just plan shit without me and i fucking hate it they used to be my rock and now they’ve just gone and left i feel so alone i’m so alone  and the tall man is back i’ve always been hallucinating of the tall shadowy man who stands at the foot of my bed and waits for my awareness to dip for me to feel safe but now even with the lights on i can see and feel him i can’t move anything other than my fingers please help i’m so scared i’m so sad i just need to die  it’s so overwhelming it’s like a blanket smothering me and choking me and i can’t breathe and it feels like i’ll never be happy again because nobody fucking cares, nobody is going to respond to this or even acknowledge i’m there and even if they do i’ll just be a burden to them like i’m a burden to everyone   i can feel the tall man looking at me with his eyes and it scares me so much i just want to die i want to run away and jump to my death but i’m so scared if i move the tall man will get me in this isn’t bait or whatever i’m legitimately scared  i want to fucking die im so alone no one cares about me i’m a burden i’m so useless i’m so stupid and bad at everything and i can’t ever accomplish anything i’ll be left here in the middle of bumfuck nowhere as my “friends’” failed charity project i don’t matter to anyone i want to fucking die   even counselors and teachers think i’m a fucking burden like they have to talk to me like i’m stupid and braindead and i am i’m so useless i’m a pain in the ass i want to fucking die im so alone please someone help "	sw
"PLEASE. Anyone. Help me. Someone.   I hate myself so fucking much. I'm not good at anything and can never achieve anything because I lose attention so quickly.   I'm short, not good looking, I fucking hate the way my voice sounds, and can never practice/stay committed to anything I try. I'm not talented at anything.    No one wants to talk to me and I don't fucking blame them. People want attractive people.    I don't know why I'm here if I don't have anything good to offer anyone.    I hate myself and just want to die.    Someone please talk me out of this before I cut myself "	sw
"Getting comfy Had a really weird/off mood today. Don't know what happened but I somehow woke up with the wrong leg (I don't know if this works, it's a german saying lol) and it hasn't improved at all.  I learned japanese a little bit, spent some quality family time and did a lot of sport, yet my mood still didn't improve.  Althought my mood is still kind of eh, I now got into my comfy clothes (special occasion comfy - not standard comfy), dimmed the lights, made myself some tea and went to my bed.  Now I'm gonna read something and maybe have a small little casual conversation here. How are you spending your evening? (Mostly addressed to europeans I guess ;p )"	cc
"Just got a mullet Just got a mullet hair cut after being on the fence for a few months.  I was terrified whilst it was being cut as there is such a fine line between looking very cool and resembling Andre Agassi...  It looks wicked, so happy about it.   I'm so excited as I've had the same hair style for about 8 years.  What's the wackiest hair cut you guys and gals have ever had?"	cc
"Is it worthwhile? Should I kill myself over a failed driver's licence exam? I live in a shithole country where my next turn could be in 6 months. However, I can't help but look at others so happy to have theirs, (women, respect, family everything). So envyous when I see the beginner's sign on somebody's windshield I even laughed my ass off at dead people especially in my country (where roads are shit)  It's horrible to wish someone to crash however I'm rotten from the inside, even the qualified psychiatrist told me. I wish I can be happy although I have nothing (or at least I think) nothing to show off for myself. I'm just a loser without the right to drive and I'm 25. Besides, I'm short and I have a small penis, on top of that being psychologically and physically screwed. Nothing makes me happy, only extreme edgy content, besides I've never fucked more than 1 girl. The rest were dudes (so I'm also a degenerate faggot)  I carry my story around like a wrapper over my face, never to let anyone see what's inside. I'm afraid I'm gonna be left alone (and I will be if people find really who I am) Until recently, I danced alone and I imagine I drive helicopters and cars. I even took pictures of my coworkers and highschool/college classmates in bathsuites to jack off to. Even though I don't lack cash, I'm still very upset at my state of being, just a loser who wasted his years, thinking he's gonna bust in some game being clan leader and making movies about how he rules there.  Real life loser with a very hard shell to crack If people could see who really I am (I don't think they have the slightest idea) they would dump me instantly I always like and I drink even though I take psychiatric meds, I hate myself for being such a loser, nothing is going my way even though I train for it. I'm fed up with this positivity bullshit, even though it comes from Nick Wuczick (or however it is spelled) I don't like it I always look upward I used to write my goals never realizing my problems lie beneath Never talked and even dated one woman since I moved to study I have nothing to show for myself, no travel, very few friends, and a lot of failures.  I think of leaving myself to hang from the office or somewhere in the public I work in or slash my throat somewhere in public for a brutal display, somewhere in a store never to be recovered. I thought maybe I can kill someone, however I dropped the idea, my life is already fucked up I don't want to destroy someone else's.  It may not be logically ordered, I just put it in as I was doing my work (as much as I could)  "	sw
"""You look so innocent it looks fun to destroy you"" I was told that phrase when I was explaining one time to someone who I looked up to as my mentor when I asked, ""It shouldn't be such a frequent phenomena to occur everywhere I go.""  Having Asian family and being the middle child, I was ignored and abused. I was bullied in school for not being a ""gangsta""-clique in a school in the middle of nowhere/valley at the time. My 1st relationship ended up abusive verbally, physically, and I used to be a sex before marriage mentality until he deflowered me against my will. I finally was able to leave him when he cheated on me. (thank GOD).  My next relationship after that had pride, ego, and anger issues. I didn't want to look for a relationship but things happen -- and the worse happened with him. We never made it official but he kept me down when I was coming up as a freelancer. I left him too.  In the industry I'm in, every company or entity I've worked with was full-force sexism. Because I never had a career before and only one job I was taken advantage of and severely underpaid. Because this is a form of the music industry I've even had people offer me ""have sex with me and I'll give you access to all my connections"" to ""I'm taking your gigs and doing them for free"" to push me out. It's a full on boys world.  Now I'm stuck day after day with different companies being a freelancer in the city. A female freelancer. I tried having a part time for a few months and even ended up with a manager who is male dominant  suppressed LGBTQ who is too focused on his pride than his business to treat any of his workers well with a turn over rate of people leaving within a month or so.  I can't go back home, my family recently committed fraud and charged 500 into my name without me knowing. I have nowhere to turn to and my boyfriend cannot help me. I can't go back to school either I don't know where to go neither have the funds nor direction to do so. I'm constantly telling myself I need to kill myself because I can't escape being who I am and taken advantage of constantly.  What else am I supposed to do? I know my thoughts were everywhere. I know no one can really help me. I've been suicidal for years with very good reasons to be like this. I have so many more horror stories and every time i keep pushing through my career with 4 years of experience I keep getting cucked out of my main income for being female... my experience doesn't matter at all. I might have to become homeless soon, especially living in a high rent city. I have no where to go once all my independence slips away from my hands.  edit//: My depression keeps getting worse with each situation that eats at me with the same reoccurring theme that it's getting in the way of me trying to advance/work on myself*  My passion and self-worth is non-existent simply for being a female. I have no respect and cannot defend myself. When I do it worsens every situation. I am pushed into a corner. I am pushed into the ground. It feels like the only safe place is drowning in the waters of my depression. But it hurts all the same. if the pain is all the same why can't I kill myself?... "	sw
"Has anybody played Kentucky Route Zero? If not you should definitely play it. It is a bit of a haunting game, not scary just eerie. It is an amazing story(not yet finished waiting on the final act) and I just thought that if you guys haven’t already checked it out you should."	cc
"I just tried to commit suicide and it didn't work help I need to commit suicide. I'm 15. I dont have a future. Im a disgusting trans, parents and siblings dont accept me and are hyper religious, I have no friends, not in school, bullied in my past, have anxiety to where i can talk to no one, not even my parents, depression as well, the only person I have is my boyfriend who is leaving me for some random girl irl because he doesnt like long distance. He's all i had. I tried to hang myself and let myself dangle for some time but i didn't pass out. I could barely breathe, each breathe was a tiny wheeze... I was trying to get a therapist but my parents are gatekeeping me from it. I dont find fun in anything anymore, I have no one to talk to, i'm stupid, retarded, and a waste of space. My heart is physically aching right now. I dont know what to do, Im going to try it again later when my parents are sleeping/not at home and this time ill kick the thing that was under me to make sure i complete it.  update: I dont want to admit this, i hate admitting this, but tonight isn't the night. But this week will be the hardest. With the jealousy from my exbf and the heartbreak, plus my parents' gatekeeping, I dont know how I'll make it. I might do it some other day or something... I want to call someone if I think about suicide, but I dont know who/what I should call. I don't want to be put in an institution, I've heard stories on how nasty and disgusting they are, and how you have to share rooms etc. I dont think that would make me feel anything but worse. If I get sent somewhere, send me to a hospital where I am the only person in the room. Which number should I call for this and do I need to say something specific to not be put in a room with someone else? This is the thing that's keeping me from calling anything the most. My fear of other people. Too much anxiety for me to handle. Thank you for all the help... it feels good to know I'm not alone.... Seriously...  update 2: i have been depressed again for the past few hours and I'm reading up on the mental institutions. I dont want to go there. I cant. But i need help. There's nothing i can do  update 3: unstable emotions i feel like i can handle it at one point and the next i want to scream and like.... idk what im going to do someone help"	sw
"Strong urge to kill myself. But i can't man-up enough There is no point in suffering anymore. But i am afraid to kill myself, in case if i fail i'm fucked"	sw
"I tried to kill myself last night and couldn't do it, but now what? I went to the top of a parking garage at night and tried to jump off. The key word is tried because I got on the ledge and no matter how much I tried to force myself off I kept holding on to the side. I cried and begged myself to let go, but nothing. After an hour I got down and screamed at myself for being such a coward.  I'm still alive though and have no idea what to do. In still jobless, my house has no running water or power, and I had to ask a friend to get me dinner tonight. My life is still fucked and I'm too much of a bitch to follow through on my one means of escape. I can't live like this, but I can't bring myself to kill myself either. What am I suppose to do?"	sw
Just got out if a long relationship and feeling alone. Just want some people to talk to. Ask me anything about any topic no holding back and I'll answer and maybe start a good conversation. I'm a 20 year old male for some context. 	cc
"I have chickedned out so many times, it's time to finally go through with it. I am a 32 year old man who has nothing to live for. I cannot hold down a job to save my life. I was recently laid off for a job, which I actually enjoyed. It wasn't because of my performance, 3 of us were let go. I have no life, outside of working, and now I do not even have that. I am constantly anxious, and suicidal. I am still here, because I think about how much my death will hurt my family, especially my Mom wo is already on the verge of a brekadown herself. I cannot care about that anymore though, because I am a prisoner of life, and death is the only way out. I am of the belief that if you are not able to live a full life then what is the point of living. I do not have a method down solid, but have a few ideas. The problem is I do not even have enough money to die. It's ironic that I do not have enough money to live, or even die, haha."	sw
Undecided College Student Hey everybody! I’m a 20 yr old in college who can’t decide what I want to do. I love math and science classes but I’m not nearly as good in english. I find most things rather boring but there are a few things I’m really into but not looking towards going into as a career. I was wondering what are some careers pros and cons so I can look into what I find interesting in the future. If anybody has any idea what some good careers are or degrees that could help with my future that would help a lot. Ideas in general would be great! Figure it’s time to make a plan and start taking a path towards my future. Have a great day/night everybody. 	cc
Been looking at jobs to apply for and with no luck with no luck I mean they've all have said no due to my lack of experience up until a couple hours ago where as soon as I applied they (local half price book store) already sent it straight to their HR department and is being evaluated. Anyways I think i got a good feeling about this application 	cc
"Just don't want to be alive I've never had anybody care about me and I'm done with it. Every friend I've ever had has left me, it's almost been a year since I've had a friend and I'm just tired of life. I've never had a relationship but I would love one. I had one girl interested in me in my whole life and I feel like I loved her, her depression took her away from me and I have cried every night for 3 months. Fuck this I don't want to be alone forever if I just kill myself I can cut this shit short."	sw
"The cycle feels never ending I’m not sure where else to go so I’m going to give this a try. I’ve dealt with depression for as long as I can remember, it’s put me in the hospital/psych unit once already before about 2 years ago and since then I’ve held just about everything in and been able to compose myself on the outside. Inside my head has become an absolute hell. The last 3 weeks I’ve been in the worst depression of my life, which climaxed 2 days ago with me trying to drink myself to death and start cutting. I have never cut before but my friends found me alone after a night of drinking with all of them, and I went into a complete manic state. Telling them to take me to the hospital and saying how if they didn’t now I was going to end it all eventually, there was no stopping it. The next day when i woke I begged them not to take me anywhere or tell my parents, partly because i wanted to sober up and because I simply could not put them through that again. I’ve got cuts on my wrist and have a doctors appointment tomorrow because I’m trying to switch up meds. I’m considering cancelling because I’m scared of what she will say if she sees these cuts. I feel like I can get through it for a while if I stay sober, but obviously can’t make any promises at this point because I don’t have any real motivation for living. I’ve never made an attempt sober but I’m still scared of myself at times. I just really need advice on what to do, there is counseling available at the college I attend but I’m super anxious about going to anybody right now and then finding out about the cutting. Other than that my friends are pretty mortified by what they saw, and are going to be checking to make sure I make some type of move tomorrow in the right direction. Thanks for letting me talk, I’ve never posted before but just really needed to get it out. Any advice is helpful. Thanks. "	sw
"Someone I know attempted suicide, and now I’m getting thoughts again. Title pretty much sums it up, but someone I know recently tried to kill himself and I’m finding it hard not to think about taking my own life.  I’ve been having such graphic and intense thoughts for a few months now, worse than any I’ve had in the past. When I got the news yesterday that someone I know attempted suicide, my thoughts have intensified a lot.   I don’t have anyone to talk to. I’ve been alone in this for so many years and I just don’t want to fight it anymore.   I feel stuck. There’s so much I want to do but I feel like I can’t do it. I feel like it’s pointless even trying anymore. "	sw
"How about we go on a stealing trip at Toys 'r' Us? Eh? /s Seriously, I'm actually a little bit upset. My partner and I decided to visit our local Toys 'r' Us one last time to see if there was anything cute we could pick up. Naturally all the Pokémon merch had been stripped bare but there were still a few Dragonball figures on the shelves.  It just so happened that one of the boxes contained a figure my partner had wanted since she very first saw it but never got it due to the price, [Eggy Vegeta.](https://i.redd.it/rjnimtvm8yn01.jpg) And it was 50% off! Only issue? Someone fucking stole it.  In-fact it wasn't just Eggy Vegeta that got stolen, practically every blind box in the Dragon Ball section had been looted. Same went for the Minecraft section, people just resealed the boxes and took the figures. People are actually scum. Imagine being a kid getting all excited to pick up a cheap Minecraft blind box only to find that some asshole adult had looted them all.  Ugh. People make me so furious sometimes."	cc
All I can hear is my voice telling me to kill my self over and over in my brain. I don’t want to ignore it any more.	sw
My therapist told me to call her When I feel suicidal again. Not because she cares about me apparently...   Her exact words were: Because that's what pays my bills.  I'm glad that you get something out of people their calls. Sadly it's not the right thing for the right reasons.   This makes me want to do it even more.	sw
I want suicide but I just feel it s stupid 	sw
"Update: I took the pills, now I just need to play the waiting game I made a post earlier about waking up this morning wanting to take 25000 mg of acetaminophen. 50 extra-strength pills. I just finished taking all of them.  Now the plan is to wait it out. Hopefully I won't throw up; I know I can stomach 35 pills, but I'm not sure about 50. Now we see what happens within the next 24 hours to a week. Acute liver failure? Or is my liver so fucking resilient it'll just sustain a lot of damage? The mystery... This desire for a slow-burn suicide like this, to do all this damage to my body, is going to end up killing me, and that's kind of the point.  I just don't see a reason to live anymore. I feel like my career is in shambles, my life is crumbling, and I can't get the voice or the thoughts to stop. The only help I have gotten from professionals is a referral to group therapy with a very long wait list (up to a year), and having access to the crisis line. I feel like such a lost cause sometimes. Maybe I am.  Overdosing is a lonely, long process. I pray I won't chicken out and tell someone what I did again."	sw
"So I was scrolling through Instagram and a female friend of mine had posted a selfie in the school bathroom... In the background there were some stalls and I spent a good 30 seconds looking for where the urinals might be. I then realized how stupid I was being. Has this sort of thing happened to other people, mindlessly making an assumption like that?"	cc
I can't keep doing this I just sat in abar for 3 hours trying to talk to anyone. anybody. i'm fucking invisibe. i havent had a friend in 6 years. Everyone i try and talk to looks at me like I'm some psychotic rapist. I'm sick of walking down the street and seeing people cross the street. I can't keep living liem this i'm so alone all the time. i havent seen a movie with someone else since 2008. there are 6 different pizza shops in this fucking city that know my order because i keep eating the same food all the time alone. i keep hearing it gets better. it hasnt it never will i feel liekt he most disgusting repulsive peroson alive. im not ft. i have a job i have money i'm in college my grades are fine. why is everything so shit	sw
İ will try parkour before die! i dont know it would be interesting	sw
"Really happy with my grad school mentor He’s just a super nice dude who doesn’t have unreasonable expectations. It’s so refreshing to have a boss who doesn’t expect 80hr workweeks and magic experiments that always work because as anyone in academia knows...those are huge problems here.   I was feeling like garbage because he was gone all week for a study section and I had nothing but “failed” experiments to show for it...only to have him be really pumped about my progress/point out all the ways things did work.   As he said, “You know you’re making progress when you find new problems to fix.” Now I’m in a super good mood for this weekend (my celebration for passing my qualifying exam! WHICH he let me take a half day for btw!) "	cc
"Email etiquette English is not my first language and I sometimes don't know if I sound too rude when writing emails. Who else here feels the same? For example, if I ask someone something, that person is busy but still replies, is it a bad thing for me to send another email saying thanks? I don't want to feel like I am spamming the other person lol."	cc
"It's a hell of a lot easier to laugh than it is to cry. I was sitting in my grandfather's dining room a few weeks ago and above his table, he has a big painting. It's a really beautiful painting and my grandfather usually has pretty great stories so I asked him about it. He said that it was kind of a funny story;   When he was in college his grandmother lived nearby so he would sometime go visit her, one of her favorite things to do was to go to an auction house nearby. One weekend he and his grandmother went to the auction house together to watch the auction, they had a general rule just to watch and not to buy anything. They were walking around, just looking around at the things for sale when my grandfather saw this painting. He asked the auctioneer how much a painting like that might go for, the auctioneer said that it really depended on who was buying that day. So my grandfather and his mother moved on to look at the other items.   A little later as the auction was going on the painting came up for sale, people were bidding on the painting like crazy so my grandfather jokingly raised his paddle, Sure enough, he won the auction, the painting was his for $500. Except, he didn't have $500, so his grandmother (who was quite wealthy) decided to buy it for him. He also didn't have the space for this painting, so he sent it home to his mom's house.   When my grandfather got home for summer break his siblings got wind of the $500 painting his grandmother got for him, they were not pleased. So his grandmother decided to write all his siblings a check for $500 and his mom decided that she would like to keep the painting. In the end, my grandfather, a broke college student, ended up with a painting that stayed in his mom's house until she died and his siblings ended up with a $500 check.   It's kinda a funny story now, but I can imagine it was not so funny at the moment. My grandfather finished the story by saying ""It is what it is, and it's a whole hell of a lot easier to laugh than it is to cry.""  This is some of the best advice I've ever received and it made me wonder, what kind of stories did your grandparents tell you? What's the best piece of advice you've ever received? Do you have any fun stories you'd like to share?"	cc
"Whats the cutest thing your partner does? My girlfriend is Indonesian and i think she is so cute when she talks to her family her own language, and sometimes during the conversations she giggles. "	cc
"Make it stop We went to the mental health clinic. They didn't see me. I haven't been able to go back. They only do it two days a week, and I am unable to go those days.  My hallucinations are getting worse. I keep hearing them, they keep touching me. I can't go a day without seeing or hearing them anymore. I can't keep doing this. My fiance just left for a trip. I don't want to be here when he gets back Sunday. I feel like leaving, finding a secluded corner and just disappearing. I don't want to exist anymore. I can't keep doing this. I keep trying to distract myself and it's hard"	sw
"I hate trying to make an account for something, and the username you want is taken by an account that only ever had 1 post back in 2013 I understand that this is the epitome of a first world problem, but I always feel cheated whenever that happens. They're not using the name, and now I can't either. It doesn't help that the username would be more or less my actual name, so there's a certain sense of ownership, haha.  At some point I made a different username for myself that's essentially senseless combination of 4 letters (think XKCD) that is almost guaranteed to be available everywhere, but it doesn't work so well for things like Github where you're trying to connect the account to you for professional development.  So what's your guys' general username strategy? Do you have a few usernames you try everywhere, or do you come up with something new every time?"	cc
i'm still going to be here i'm going to keep fighting. i want to feel the sun on my skin. even if the world keeps pushing my head back underwater i swear to god im still going to be here fighting for my breath there might be times where im suffocating but  i cant give up as much as i want to 	sw
"I just took a risk and told my mother how hopeless and suicidal I feel. She got up and walked out of the room without saying anything. Thanks, Mom. Love you too. "	sw
"Constant decline At this point, everything just seems to be getting worse day by day. To the point where I started preparing a suicide note. I feel exhausted and ready to give up, my body's scarred and broken down, my mind is just done and instead of a heart beat, I just feel pain at my chest, yet something deep inside of me is just not quitting and while I'm still here I felt like posting about it, hoping some of you could help me through even just a single day. A quick background of me: As of right now, I'm 18, turning 19 in a few months. I've been neglected by my family, the times when I wasn't neglected is when I would be physically and emotionally abused. I've always kept a small circle of friends, people who I cared a lot about, but would always turn their backs on me and completely forget about my existence when I needed their help the most, including my ex, who acted very cold and aggressive towards me and merely a couple hours after treating me like shit, she had something troubling her and only then she started showing love and affection once she needed help herself. It's like a never-ending cycle, I keep thinking I've found people who actually care about me only for them to prove me wrong over and over yet to this day it still amazes me how quickly they forget all about you. Now here I am again, completely alone, I feel like I'm not even living anymore, but just existing, just killing time while waiting for time to kill me."	sw
"Streaming my Suicide So I've been obsessed with videos of people committing suicide for years.  I always toyed with the idea of doing it myself, I'm thinking of maybe doing it on some streaming app.  Any of you thought about this or plan on doing so?  Do any of you know any streaming apps someone could use? "	sw
"My hubris, laziness and envy cost me everything. February 17th was the best day of my life and one I won't forget.  At eighteen years old, I can count the amount of notable life experiences I've had on the hand of a knife juggler with cerebral palsy, besides two brief trips to Chicago and D.C. I spent most of my life as a recluse; I only ever went to a single friend's house, across the street, when I was very young, before he moved away. My parents, my dad and my brother when he was younger especially were very candid in babying me and treating me as borderline mentally disabled, because I was clumsy and had a severe speech impediment. They neglected to teach me things and admonished me when I couldn't do them. I live in fucking Florida and I don't know how to swim or ride a bike. I have no notable memories of childhood.  One incident that comes to mind was one of my reading classes in elementary school. Everyone gleefully went off to describe their fun times except for me. My secluded development meant I had no real stories to tell. So instead I relayed a tale of me heroically winning a victory against tanks in the demo of a old game called R.U.S.E. I was funny and charismatic enough (either my speech impediment wasn't as pronounced back then or kids and teachers in elementary school really didn't give that much of a damn if a kid talked funny) that nobody really noticed that I was the only one with a essentially fictional story.   Another time I made a mistake and colored outside the lines with a washable marker. Five year old OP shrugged and since it said 'washable' went to the class sink, put it on full blast and then cried when it tore a hole straight through the paper. This story doesn't have much relevance, but I just remembered it as I was typing the last part and thought it would be funny to share.  While I don't view myself as unattractive, I had a very difficult time integrating socially due to my stammer and stutter. Many jokes were left unsaid, and I embraced video games, roleplays and other virtual distractions as escapism. I frequently procrastinated at school (my grades dropped severely as I made the transition from elementary school to middle school) and my schedule was often school, home, video games, repeat ad infinitium. I became self loathing early on, especially as I began to view myself as becoming 'behind in life' compared to others. The only thing I was good at was writing. My junior year was especially rough and I was sorely tempted to commit suicide, had my chronically sick father not pawned off his gun.   Then I met her. Let's call her Mandy.  I met Mandy on a roleplaying site. There was an age gap, an difference in lifestyles, but we hit it off quickly. She said she couldn't tell I had a speech impediment and so, we spent a lot of time talking. She had lovers, FWBs to which I gritted my teeth and bore it. After all, I was lucky to have such a wonderful person as my friend, I wouldn't dare ask for more. But there was *something.* Ladies and gentlemen of the jury, does true love exist? I don't fucking know, I'm just a depressed kid on the internet.  But this depressed internet kid, with virtually no significant events in his life could talk to Mandy on call for seven hours at a time, practically continuously. We literally once talked from sunset to sunrise, until we both fell asleep. We occasionally said the same thing as each other at the same time in our roleplay chats and I even once casually predicted the exact time she would wake up to the very minute.   I was slightly smitten.  I felt a little more confident. My English Teacher, who I share a strong bond with ran the school team for a county contest analogous to jeopardy. I had never went to a single extracurricular activity before hand, but I decided to participate to her delight. It was being held at a local college, on February 17th.   My literature and history skills finally came in handy for something other than internet debate and our school team went from the lowest scoring team to the top of the bracket. A real underdog story.   We went out to get ice cream afterwards. My teacher and I talked, and I tormented her with my satirical conservative proclamations (I once called her vegan beef 'CNN' meat, since they were both fake) which never failed to elicit laughter from her. I had a good time.  Mandy texted me. Though we've been prodding at feelings for each other for awhile, it culminated in mutual declarations of love. She told me, despite the reservations of her hungover brain, how she fell more and more in love with me the more we talked. It was a sensation of utter bliss. How she didn't care about the age gap anymore. If it sounds like bullshit, then I don't blame you. I could hardly believe it myself. It was everything a love-struck little nerd like myself could dream of and more.  I went out to eat with my family later that night as well. Maybe it was with the confidence I now carried or the manner in which I whipped out my wallet, but they seemed to finally recognize me as an adult. My sister even said as much.   Life seemed beautiful. I had hope for the first time in a long time that everything would turn out okay.  Me and Mandy were disgustingly in love. She offered to drop her FWB when she saw how I felt and we became exclusive. Of course, we never formally dated because e-dating was a thing only stupid people did. We had a grand plan, though. A book.   It initially began as a generic, sappy love story meant to be hurled onto Amazon for a few quick books. But we had genuinely good ideas over our brainstorming sessions, which quickly evolved into a truly interesting book. I was the writer and she was the editor. We were going to be a cute writer couple, with our names together on bookshelves, and after that, how could we not be together? I wasn't good at much, but I envisioned living together with her, learning basic mechanical skills from her handy father, learning to draw better, everything.  But I became complacent, lazy. She pleaded with me to write more, we weren't going nearly as fast as we hoped. 'I want to be with you *now*' she said. And you know what I fucking did? I played video games. I had writer's block, I had difficulty getting the words out. So instead of putting forth more effort, I delved back into escapism. There were inbred sons to disinherit in Crusader Kings, cavalry charges to be executed in Mount and Blade and an oppressed earth to be liberated in X-Com.   Tensions grew. Where we once thought we could resolve any dispute through talking, we began to fight more and more often. She discussed one of her ex-FWBs being a nuisance in his messaging. I dismissed it, for I was still a little envious. And that was it. The straw that broke the camel's back. She left.   Things started to fall apart for me. My constant procrastination in school caught up with me. I was on the borderline of failing and my disappointed family quickly demoted me back to infanthood. I had drifted away with some of my friends, both real life and online, and one of my closest simply left entirely as well. I had only my English Teacher, who I fear I will not see after I graduate.   In the span of two months, I've fully regressed back to the hellish junior year and lost everything.   I haven't touched my console in ages and I've deleted all my games from my computer. I don't consume any media, I put reddit on a ten minute timer a day timer that locks me out afterwards which I only violate for this post. I don't watch television, I don't watch movies. I quit sugary drinks and junkfood. I don't even jack off anymore. I even intermittently fast, only for a day at time as my father would become suspicious if I missed anymore meals than that. I deny myself everything. I now spend my days pacing, writing, walking in the park, reading Nabakov and other authors and sleeping.   But it's too late. I lost it all and now I'm seriously considering ending it. I don't have a gun in reach, but I'm waiting to save up a little bit of money for another way. "	sw
"How's your day?? Im feeling sick to my stomach today over school stuff 🤢 Had to submit my application to graduate today, on the last day i can of course, and it had my minor that I had dropped.. I went through and did the drop process online again, waited a bit and didn't get anything so I panicked and did the graduation application before I forgot about it.. get an email like ten min after that that the drop went through. I'm just so frustrated at myself but also just with the world, I had done the drop request for that minor before and I don't know why it wouldn't just drop. It just makes me mad. I emailed the registrar and asked them if they can do anything about it, no response yet.. I'm such a fuck up. I get excellent grades and then I go and do shit like this.   Sorry !!! I'm just playing farcry 5 now to keep my mind off it so if anyone wants to chat I'm very down. My interests off the top of my head are gaming, world affairs, history, superhero movies, vaping,  rap, anything really! I just wanna talk to people."	cc
"Making new friends? Has anyone been feeling like they're low on friends lately? I'm in my third year of uni and I haven't really made any mates (my own fault, I rarely, if ever go to my classes). But yeah, been feeling like I need to meet some new people so I made a group called Melbourne Mates on an app called Amino to hopefully make some new friends and help others make some too.   I made some public chatrooms on there so people with similar interests can chat and/or meet up and bond. It's stuff like gaming, tv shows, foodies, bar hopping etc, you get the drift 😊  The group is called Melbourne Mates because I'm from Melbourne, Australia myself so I made it for those living in Melbourne, but I figured people can still make online friends when it comes to stuff like gaming and talking about your favourite shows and music etc  Here's the link if anyone is interested: http://aminoapps.com/c/MelbourneMates  On another note, how was everyone's day today? Do anything interesting?"	cc
Something about having a bad memory. I was going to make a post here a couple days ago about something involving memory but I forgot what my original idea was. Oh well. How’s your day? Anything fun for Easter? I get to be home alone all day so that will be fun. 	cc
"The most annoying feeling Have you ever felt the feeling of being extraordinarily bored? Like, you want to do a lot of things such as reading something, watching or even going to some places but at the same time, you do not want to anything at all. You've tried doing the things you wanted but couldn't finish doing it.  I really think that this is the most annoying feeling I've ever felt. I feel like I'm wasting my time trying to figure what I really wanted to do or what I should do to entertain and satisfy myself for the day.  What do you guys do in times like this? "	cc
"Going to end it tomorrow I'm never going to be anything but the piece of shit I am now. Nobody is ever gonna love me or even want to be friends with me, I won't get a good job and probably won't graduate, I'm gonna keep self-harming bc I'm basically addicted to the short good feeling it gives me. I know I'm not gonna change who I am bc I've always been this way, not as bad in the past but still the same old shit. If I can't fix what's wrong with me why should I even bother living. The only reason I don't do it is bc of my roommate but he's gonna be gone for most of the day tomorrow so I'll have time. So bye I guess"	sw
"I Hate my life This is my first post on reddit I’ve always read through reddit but never thought it would come to the point where I would actually create an account and post on reddit so anyways I’m a 17 year old male turning 18 in 3 months and I just hate my life right now I have no job I have some friends but there not really my friends cause they never include me in their plans and even though they act cool around me I could tell they could give 2 fucks if I’m out of their life my brother was recentally kicked out of my apartment by my dad because my dad drinks everyday after work and one day he snapped about it to him and my dad kicked him out it’s not just that though my dad has never really been a good dad he has always been in and out of me and my brothers life and whenever he was out it wasn’t for nothing serious and it would be for his own selfish reasons there’s been multiple times where we needed him where we lived in the ghetto with no water and electricity dirt poor and even then he didn’t show up and he even had a kid with some 20 year old in Brazil that he denies is his but I’m pretty sure it is his and life has been getting even worse because I don’t think I’m gonna graduate high school cause my gpa is low and I overheard my dad saying on my 18th birthday he’s gonna kick me out to so that just makes me paranoid and feel worse there’s even been multiple friends that my dad kicked out of his life that claims he’s been doing Cocain so now I really can’t trust him and my mom can’t help me either don’t get me wrong she’s one of the few that cares about me but she’s suffered with anxiety and depression her whole life and recently lost her job after not having one for years before that so I don’t think she will be getting one anytime soon and my grandma also lives with us but she has disabilities and only gets her retirement check which is only enough for one person to live so if she gets kicked out to she can’t worry about us so now you can see that after high school I basically meet a dead end to my life I’ve envisioned what my future will look like and I can only come up with either homeless or dead and I’ve just been really depressed lately thinking about it and I never thought it would come to this point but I’m actually contemplating suicide it’s crazy that I’m even thinking about it because i have always been strong and told myself no matter what happens in my life I will not resort to suicide but I’ve reached my breaking point I’ve even given up my belief in god because I ask myself if he was real why can’t he just make everyone have a good life or atleast just pop up for 1 second to let us know he is here so yea as time keeps going I have No Job,Dead Broke,Dad doesn’t care about me,On the road to not graduate high school,friends that don’t care about me,on the verge of being kicked out and being homeless, and one big thought of suicide so there you go any responses will help but I don’t know how much longer I can make it."	sw
"Have you ever worked at a place so bad that you develop an aversion to it? Just left my job at Subways. I used to get my lunch from there, but it was so awful that just thinking about getting a sandwich there makes me feel ill"	cc
"Bilingual struggles Why peoole can't believe that you sometimes forget words in your native language when learning a new one? Also, how are you doing? What's your favourite word of your native language? "	cc
"Have you come to peace with it? I won't discuss the details but I think I have. In the process of setting a date. And deciding how to do it. But I feel so much better. I feel like the biggest weight has been lifted off of my shoulders. In the meantime I just want to drown in my music and fantasies.  Anyways, I feel better. I try not to post here because it feels like I'm guilty and seems like I'm asking for help or whatever. But I really do feel better. It's the end of my story, which wasn't a good one to began with. And it doesn't matter whether I get my revenge or not, because I'll be dead and literally without a care in the world. This is the answer. And I haven't felt so good in such a long time."	sw
"Feels like i'm at the edge of my unemployment... talking,networking,applying and thinking what is the right path for me...  these are the 4 subjects of my latest 2 months of hardcore job applience marathon.  results are so shitty it feels like i'm going to end up in some fu*ked up job and keep continuing for like 4 years until i do something meaningfull.  What do you guys think about career coaching?  I think i need one,fast!"	cc
Finding life too much right now. Ending it would be so easy but i never could Things are so tough right now. I live in ireland. Its impossible to buy your own home. so im stuck in a one bed flat paying some other guys mortgage for him.  I dont know what to do anymore. My gf is pissed and so am i.  Along with a hundred other stresses going on right now.  Im so so lost. I hate this world and what it has become	sw
I want to be dead before the end of 2018 im on a cruise ship rn i could get it out of the way pretty easily	sw
"I’m dreaming about killing my self I don’t know why. There’s no reason for me to be suicidal right now. The only problems in my life are of my own creation. I put off my work and procrastinated and missed a few deadlines and let some people down, but no one is mad at me. No is disappointed and saying that I did anything terribly wrong.  I’m upset with myself on a cognitive level but I don’t feel upset with myself. I don’t feel anything actually. I just feel numb. And I can’t do anything. Anything that requires more movements than my thumbs. Settling up this account seemed like much.  I google how to kill myself and think about it, how I want my lifeless body to be found and for my problems to all disappear. I wish I could just fall asleep and never wake up. My head feels cloudy and foggy and I just want to sleep and when I finally do I wake up feeling more tired than ever.  I feel like I don’t belong anywhere that my current life is meaningless that I just want to move on and that death would be the easiest way forward.  I think it’s stupid but also it just seems to make perfect sense. I don’t know what to do. I want to talk to someone about this but I don’t have anyone. Like I said I don’t belong anywhere or to anyone. All I had was the responsibilities and obligations that I made and now that I can’t maintain those I have no more value and no more meaning. No ones calling me and asking about me. They want to know why I can’t provide what I said I would. If I’m gone that’s all they’ll care about, the services I could’ve provided. Me, I’ve no inherent value. I feel so tired thinking about this. The struggle to be needed and wanted and cared for. I worked so hard, and I got nothing and now I can’t try anymore and I still have nothing so where else am I supposed to go? I have money and comfort and safety and the basic needs are taken care of but it’s all so empty and meaningless.  I’ve tried buying things that I thought would make me feel some kind of joy, but it hasn’t helped and now I feel like enough is enough and I just want it all to be over.  I want to wake up with some sort of desire or hope, or I don’t want to wake up at all.  If there’s anyone out there I just want to know that these words can be seen"	sw
"Suffered a stomach emergency Today at work I suffered a stomach emergency, I was in meeting with my colleagues when my stomach started making funny sounds, I hope I was the only one who  heard them, anyway I had to leave and bolt for the washrooms."	cc
"Where do you want to live? Where should I live? Hi, three years ago I left my hometown and moved 1000 miles away to Seattle. I like the rain, mountains, fog, trees, *trees*, and beer. But the area is unaffordable and crowded. Someday soon I'll move far away, again. Do you have any recommendations? I'd like to live somewhere with a similar amount of nature, preferably more mountainous and less urban, but still with reasonable amenities (fast internet for example, I need that shit)  Also, what kind of place do *you* want to eventually move to someday? What is your dream town like? Warm weather? Beaches? Or cold and mountainous? Why?"	cc
"I need help A little back story. I am a hard working 14 year old kid I have a job play 3 sports and maintain near perfect grades. I have never really had freinds that I hang out with outside of school due to sheer business of school and keeping some what fit. Well just recently I had a dream that made me Question if I'm doing everything wrong. The dream goes like this i was at a charity event and needed a partner at the event. This girl I know and talk to a little bit at school comes up to me and asks if I wana be her partner I say sure. Well we work together and have fun. at the end we hug each other and I felt a sense of such friendship, warmness and sheer caring for one another that when I woke up I was almost depressed. I Don't know why. I have no ambition for a girl freind. I have some decent freinds at school, I am doing good at all my sports I have good grades after that dream I felt my whole perception on life change. Some advice would be lovely."	cc
"I will reply to posts here as any personality (Godzilla, Pirate, Dr Steve Brule, A Snooty Monarch etc.) just let me know which you one you'd like me to become Some examples:  Grrraaaaaahhhh!!!! I will trample any puny humans who post here like the buildings of downtown Tokyo. Rrraaaahhhh!!!  Yarrrrr. This thread be welcome to any landlubbers who dare tread these waters. But mind ye that any smarmy poltroons be not welcome here!!  I was... gonna do a science speriment today on the planets but. I had too many potata chips for lunch. For your health!  I say, a commoner who dares wander into this venue must be quite courageous as my wit is sharper than the cutlass of the guards outside my palace."	cc
"Where is a good place to start anew? I think after having it on my mind for a couple months now, I want to start my life over again in a new town. For reference here, I have spent 22 years of my life in Virginia Beach, all to have never moved away from here. I feel like I am stuck in a rut in my life and I am finding it difficult to find new friends and move past memories that I have created in a city that I no longer wish to think about.  So, TL;DR: Where is a good city in the US to start fresh again that has a lot of potential for meeting new people and finding a good job. A place that I can call ""home"".   I will try to reply to all posts with genuine responses and will look into any place or anything suggested. "	cc
What are some of your favorite Discord servers? I just got the app not too long ago and wanted to see what cool serves to check out. Other than the CC Discord what else do you like to check out?	cc
"My boyfriend NEVER uses the spoon rest on the stovetop while cooking. He says he doesn’t like to because “it will get dirty”. So he puts dirty utensils on the stovetop or countertop....and get them dirty. I tried to tell him that the whole point of the spoon rest is to get IT dirty and not the stovetop or countertop, but he just isn’t havin’ it. "	cc
"The weather is trash, my night is boring, and I just want people to talk to about random things. My interests include:  gaming (I am currently building a pc)  graphic design/marketing (my major)   sports (playing them... not watching)  photography (I no longer have a digital camera, so I use vintage polaroids **and I am getting rid of my three 35mm cameras**)  I am learning how to do spray paint art and skateboard so that is something fun I am looking forward to  Youtube (random channels all putting out a lot of different content)  Music (I am attempting to get into music production, but I need my pc for that) - I like many different genres, but I love rap the most. Metal and hard rock is also fun.  And I'm sure there are other things I am missing, but oh well.   Anyone interesting in taking up my night? Please? Age/gender/anything obviously doesn't matter because we should just all be friends... and such."	cc
"What’s a good joke for gauging someone’s sense of humor? As in, “if you like [this joke], you probably tend to [appreciate this sort of humor].”   There are some jokes that are widely appreciated, but others that are more type-specific - dark, sarcastic, dad-style, punny, wholesome, etc - and good for sussing out someone’s sense of humor ... anyone know of any jokes that are good examples of this? "	cc
Need a way to get going. So I was slowly working on a car mod for a game. And because of exams etc. I stopped. Now it feels too hard for me to get stuff done and I'm procrastinating hard. Any way to get back on it?	cc
"Girlfriend left me because she's depressed, now I'm even more depressed than I was before I met her and it's all piling up So yesterday my now exgf said ""I need to focus on myself"" because of mental health issues she's been struggling with for years. Don't get me wrong I understand that she doesn't want to waste emotional energy on me, she needs to take care of herself first and foremost. But for a good six months, she was a big reason why I didn't start cutting again, or try to kill myself. Now that she's gone, wtf do I do? There's a physical pain I have and I don't know how to deal with it.  I contemplated cutting again, I'm in the process of giving myself a stick n poke tattoo, just doing some outline work on a rising sun.  Definitely contemplated killing myself. My girlfriend left me, my GPA starts with a 1, I'm probably going to be evicted because my job hasn't been giving me enough hours, oh and my best friend has POF and cancer.   All I possibly have to look forward to is a dance show in May, that I've working on for a few months now, and my motorcycle license later this month. Have no money, so it's kind of pointless.  I've been working on being a dickhead to my family so they don't miss me when I'm gone.  There's a ringing in my ears I can't quiet down, and these problems don't have solutions.  Update that nobody will read: talked to her about what's going on, she wants to focus on school, still wants me in her life, says there's no chance of us getting back together   "	sw
"Practicing for my drivers exam, overcame a difficult intersection. First time poster and on mobile.  I'm just very proud of myself and I wanted somewhere to share!   I've been learning to drive and about a month ago I got stuck on an intersection that was uphill, cars constantly coming from left and right.  At that moment I just got so frustrated that my dad had to take over.   Well today I did it, my car didn't even stop, I just started and took off at the first opportunity without my car stopping or shutting of!   I still have a long way to go but I got past this hurdle and it feels awesome!   I'm in Europe so I drive with stickshift, anybody else have experiences with the car just shutting down? Or other experiences with learning how to drive? "	cc
. What's the easiest way too kill yourself I have tried a lot of different things I want something fast to end everything I don't know where else to go so maybe Reddit will have it 	sw
Who wishes life had an off button? I for sure do.	sw
"Thinking about my the demands of my schedule So I'm currently in high school and taking really demanding classes and I've been having fantasies where I drop out of school and follow my dreams (poet). Obviously I shouldn't do this, because being a writer means ya gotta go to college and the like, but I just want a life that isn't so soul crushing. Every day I keep thinking about what I have to do today, and tomorrow, and the next day. It feels like a never ending cycle, and after spring break I really feel it. Is there anything I can do to stop this frame of mind? Any other advice?"	cc
"Do you ever feel like something is always just out of reach? Not even a specific something, necessarily, but *something*.   Ever since I was a teenager I’ve felt like there’s something always just out of reach. And it feels like if I was smarter, or faster, or just “better” in some way I could reach it. I don’t even know what it is, but I’m so tired of feeling this way. It just always feels like I’m not good enough. "	cc
"Trapped. I just don't know why anymore, don't care either. Just want to go for good.  Close family and friends care, and I can't ignore that. I never say specifics, to them, never put up a show either. People know I'm in pain mentally, physically too.  One of them gave me a mental health card with several numbers in it today.  I've been dealing with my own feelings mostly alone, and I don't know how to reach out, worried that I'll find an even darker place if I open up to talk and poke around to figure out why I'm like this.  I can't drink anymore for medical reasons, only 25 years old, living alone.  I just want to go. Wishing for a peaceful death.  I don't know what's stopping me from making the choice, but something just keeps pulling me up every day.  It must be survival instincts that get me to work every day. Need to eat. Need to pay rent. Rinse, repeat."	sw
"If I gave you a hundred thousand dollars or pounds, whatever, what would you do with it? If I gave you a hundred thousand dollars or pounds, whatever, what would you do with it? I would donate some to cancer research and treat myself a little, get my family members bits of it too. How about you?"	cc
"I don’t want to live I’m a 17 year old female and I’ve been suicidal since I was 10. I’ve been hospitalized for a suicide attempt before, and I’m addicted to self harming.  My last suicide attempt was in January and I hung myself but unfortunately I survived. I see a therapist and psychiatrist but nothing seems to get better. I was molested as a child for a couple of years by my brother, sexually assaulted for a year by someone who claimed to be a friend, and I was raped in January by someone I liked. I was also beat up as a kid not only by peers but also my family.  I’m diagnosed bipolar with ptsd and anxiety, before my bipolar diagnosis I had major depressive disorder. I also have schizophrenic tendencies.My therapist suspects I have body dysmorphia as well. I’m rapidly losing friends and constantly getting in arguments with family.  I feel like I have nothing to live for. The happiest I’ve been was actually in an emotionally abusive relationship that I kept up with for over a year. I’m still not over him unfortunately. I just don’t know why I’m still here. I’ve come so close to death. So many people dismiss me because I get good grades and my life on the outside seems great because I appear so happy. Sometimes I want to die just so I can make others feel bad for putting me down. I wish I wasn’t here anymore. Life never seems to get any better, I’m always under constant pain"	sw
Wife and I decided I would be a stay at home Dad again! But I just got offered a promotion at work making 60% more.    I’m not sure how to feel or what todo. My wife loves her job and makes great money. We’ve always wanted one of us at home with our now 16m old son.   My wife is due for our little girl in two weeks!   I was going to stay at home after her maternity leave.    Finically we can afford me not working.  We’ve always made a point not to put money first.  We actually just paid off all our credit cards and was about to purchase a house.  The job could help.   Hours aren’t horrible. 50-55 hours a week. No  set days.   Really not sure what todo.  I’d start April 19th.  Anyone else been in a somewhat similar situation. 	cc
I can't do it anymore I'm ready to leave Everything is a mess and I'm a piece of shit and i cant do anything right and I have no more in me  No more pain please	sw
"I don’t want to live anymore but I can’t kill myself I don’t even know where to start. We all have bad days but today sucks, not even for any specific reason. I just got caught in my usual self-hating bullshit loop and realized I don’t want to be alive anymore.  I have a number of issues I wish I could fix, or go back and make never happen. But they did happen, and I have to live with it. As a child I was often neglected, mentally, verbally and physically abused, my dad liked to point guns in my face but also touted that he loved me, I had a tumour at 11, developed a drug and alcohol abuse issue, dad died last year, I’m only 21 and don’t have much besides myself. The few people I care about probably don’t care about me as much as i care about them. I love my older brother and two younger half sisters, so I could never kill myself because of what it would do to them. I just wish I was dead so I didn’t have to live with these things over my head everyday. I’d love to have someone who puts me as their first priority and I could put them as mine, but I feel like I’m too fucked up and emotionless to ever try and find someone like that. Every time I’ve tried in the past I make someone else’s life worse and I can’t keep doing that. You’re born alone, you die alone, and I was made to live alone, miserable.   I’ve heard all of the usual bullshit prepackaged answers to my problems like “why don’t you go talk to someone,” or “everyone has bad days, just give it some time,” and whatever else is said every time I open up but I think I was brought into this world to suffer. I don’t think everyone was made to suffer, but some people are and given that life has just been a steady decline no matter what I do to make things better personally I think I’m meant to suffer. Killing myself would be dumb because that ends my purpose. It gets better for some, others just see a progression of worse and worse things and learn to live with it. I don’t want to live with it, but it seems meant to be. I bet no one even reads this entire post, but who cares? It’s just another tick on the checklist of people who don’t give a shit. The final check mark is me when I get to see that deathbed but that isn’t my choice to make. "	sw
Angry Sometimes I do just want to end it all and stop my pain and suffering. But some part of me also feels angry at times. Like why do I have to end my life to end the pain and suffering that others have inflicted on me? And they don’t get consequences for the hurt they’ve caused? I don’t know why I feel this way 	sw
"I seem to have really fallen in love with cooking. I guess I needed a new hobby, and I found one. I keep getting more and more into it over the past few months. I always did the cooking at my house, but I can't stop trying new things and meals from scratch. Yesterday I basically prepped and cooked for 2 hours. I live alone now, and to some it might seem insane to do all that just to sit and eat alone. I don't know what else to do with all the free time I have at home these days though. A lot of the other things I used to do lost their appeal. It is cool though, because while it is gone once you eat it, there is this feeling of pride and accomplishment there.   https://imgur.com/a/dNcNd That was last night. Homemade ricotta gnocchi ""mac"" & cheese with a many cheese blend sauce. Boiling potatoes, peeling, mixing the dough, it all takes a good amount of time, but it really beats the store bough gnocchi. So much lighter. You can see the gnocchi on its own if you scroll down.  I don't know that I should be *promoting* myself on here, but if anyone wants, I keep posting the stuff I make to my IG account if anyone is interested."	cc
"Where's my pancakes? I dream every night, but last nights dream was the the most ridiculous scene, it's been on my mind all day and I'd like to share it.   My husband and I are at IHOP, I order a stack of chocolate chip pancakes. The waitress informs us that there is a contest going on and that we're the winners! She proceeds to bring out this giant blue box, I open it a little annoyed and out pops two solid black kittens.   The restaurant starts going wild, everyone is cheering, my husband is just ecstatic, the waitress says; ""Oh wow you won, isn't that great?""  And for some reason, I angrily jump out of my chair and yell ""But where's my f***ing pancakes?!""  "	cc
im a poacher looking for a hat stealing internet using gorilla any tips? hi! im looking for a 470 odd pound crafty who is a known racist towards English people and gorilla that has been stealing hats all day and there is a large reward for finding him could anyone help me?  ps-if you find him on the internet please refrain from replying to him as he will attempt to steal your hats!	cc
"Anxiety? Hey reddit! How’s everyone’s day going??? Let’s talk about anxiety. Okay so who has suffered from anxiety? How bad was it? How did you fix it?   Also, okay so most commonly when you ask someone why they’re anxious they’ll say something along the likes of afraid of being judged or being laughed at if they mess up and this has been me for most of my life BUT it’s been a while since I really did stop caring about that type of stuff.  And since I stopped life has been so much better it really has but. If I stopped caring why do I still have anxiety? Most of it is gone but I still have some left, any ideas why?"	cc
"stop trying to fucking guilt trip me *“your family will be so distraught if you hurt yourself!!!”*  *”you have NO IDEA how much of an impact suicide will have on those around you!”*  *“imagine the reaction of your parents! imagine them reading the note! receiving the call!”*   ....    wtf,,,, i know you have good intentions but *please*  is this really supposed to make me feel better?   all it does is fill me with guilt,,, and fills me with the realization that i have to live in fucking pain until the day i die,,, or until everyone who “cares about me” will die.  *goddammit* "	sw
What are you doing today? What are you doing today guys? I'm rather curious because I have no idea what to do apart from Reddit away the easter holidays so...  Also I like knowing what other people do so feel free to tell me :P	cc
"Tired of being depressed I’ve had severe depression since I was 7 years old and I’m now 20. At points I feel like I’m finally free from it but recently I have started to feel at my lowest point again. I started to think about suicide again and I have no interest in seeing what life holds in the future. I don’t even understand why I have depression when I have a family that loves me and friends that care. I wonder if I’ll ever be free from it. I want to be happy and enjoy life but I never seem to be able to for long periods of time. I don’t know what to do for myself anymore. Therapy doesn’t help, meds don’t help. I go to the gym, I eat healthy, try to put positive thoughts within myself.  I’m in school and I’m about to finish my associates and go to cosmetology school which is what I’ve wanted to do all my life. I do a good job at work and even got employee of the month today. But none of this does anything for me. "	sw
"I cant decide whether I want to die or not. I want to be happy like my dad, step mother and mother are but I just can’t and everything is so fucking melancholy. But I don’t think it can ever happen which makes me want to die."	sw
"Who am I to judge if someone has ""depression"" Is it bad I don't believe her at all? She says people who attempt suicide are ""fucking stupid ass retards"". She says ""yeah I get moods too"" in response to when I said I get depressed sometimes. Says she has never once wanted to kill herself. Lacks the level of emotional intelligence that most depressed people have.   Maybe I'm over thinking it. But it bothers me because it feels like she's just saying it to sound relatable or cool somehow??"	sw
"I’m changing a lot and I’m... okay with it? So for the first time ever, I’m okay with something that’s happening to me.  *woah.*  Suddenly I really like rap music - childish gambino and tyler, the creator especially (give me some recommendations if you want!). Until about 2 weeks ago I thought I absolutely detested rap. I think I just never gave it a chance.   I grew up in a very conservative (not politically, just attitude wise, if that makes any sense) place and now since i don’t live there anymore and socialize with very different people, I’m starting to kinda uncover my actual personality as opposed to the personality that my surroundings gave me.   My one fear is that it’s not my actual personality and I’m just subconsciously trying to conform and fit in. But even if that’s the case, which I doubt, I don’t care. Change is change and I’m grateful for it, because quite honestly at this point in my life all change is good change.  Of course, my newfound love of rap isn’t the only thing that’s changed about me, but it’s the one that I’m most comfortable talking about.   I’ve honestly not liked myself for a long time and I’m sort of just now being shaped into a person that I actually don’t mind. It’s weird, but I like it. "	cc
missing him I had a nightmare about him last night. I thought I was over him but I guess not. I know I shouldn't want him back but I do and it hurts so fucking much. I thought I was over these feelings but they came back full force. I have no one in this world. I wish I just had someone to hold me while I cry.	sw
"Does anyone else get upset from reading posts in here? I mean, this is basicialy a place for people who thinks about suicide. This is also the reason why I subscribed, I have been thinking about suicide.  There's a lot of posts. Of course not all of them is real, but even if I read one of those that turnes into real, I would feel so bad.  I know world is big and reddit is worldwide site, but still feel bad. How we gonna know if someone really attemps suicide?"	sw
How would you feel if you had a professor who starts tests 5-10 minutes before your class start time. My class starts at 1pm I got there around 12:57 and my professor had already handed out the tests to every student and was near the end of explaining it. I was upset. I felt the test should have started at 1pm since that is when our class is supposed to start and I missed out on the explanation/errors in choices. How would you feel?	cc
"Sort of a silly thing to be sad about. Today I was planning on buying a new sketch book (a really big one) and a new set of pencils to start a little project I have in mind, but i realized I needed to put gas in to go anywhere. After paying my phone bill and putting gas, I’ve got nothing left to get my art supplies and it kinda bummed me down when I was planning my expenses next month and wondering if I could get the stuff then.   Gotta count my blessings I guess. At least I have a working car to get me from home to school. It’s a bit vain to be sad about not being able to buy art supplies I know, but it’s just weird. It felt like a very grown up thing to do: get the stuff I need, wonder if I’ll be able to get the stuff I want later. "	cc
"I met someone new today Since I’m usually introverted, meeting someone new at my school’s tennis practices (that are open to everyone) makes me pretty happy. Even better, apparently she’s in the same PE period as me, so I can see her more often. I’m just finally glad one of my hobby’s rewarded me with something good for once haha. This is also one of the reasons I’ll be going to tennis practices more often as I sometimes am really lazy to go to them, but that’ll change now!"	cc
"How should I tell someone I dont want to go to an event with someone else instead Hey Reddit!  My golf club is having a two day event in a couple weeks and one friend wants to play with me and I kind of half committed to play with him, however I dont really enjoy playing with him.  I have another friend who is looking for a partner and I would rather play with him but not looking forward to telling the other guy I changed my mind.  Anyone got a nice way for me to tell him that Id rather play with someone else?"	cc
"What music are you going to listen to before you ""go""? Personally, I'm going to listen to some spacey/white-noise/no-vocal music. Kinda like meditation music, so that I'll be even happier when I die. What about you, why are you going to listen to?"	sw
"I feel utterly alone I have nobody. I was living in a different state, had a good job with friends that I loved seeing everyday, for the first time in a long, long time things were looking up. I was managing my mental illness and I always had someone to talk to or hang out with. Then my house caught fire in January and I had to move across the country back in with my mom. Lost most of my clothes and possessions and now I have no friends and nobody to talk to.  At first everyone was sympathetic and hit me up to say they were sorry about what happened but then a little time went by and everyone forgot about me. I understand, life happens and people move on. I just hate being left in the dust to stagnate. I don’t have a doctor here so I slowly ran out of my medications. First I ran out of my anxiety meds, I can barely leave my bedroom without wanting to die. Then I ran out of the meds that stop me from hearing voices, sometimes I hear them whispering to me in a language I don’t know, other times they just just keep saying “do it” over and over. For a long time I wondered what it was they wanted me to do but I think I’m finally realizing what I need to do. Then I ran out of the anti depressants and everything seems so hopeless. I can’t afford to go see a doctor and I’m not even sure I want to. Why should I live the rest of my life pumped full of pharmaceuticals that make me feel terrible? It would be easier for everyone if I just died. I don’t have the energy to fight just to continue to exist and not really live. I’m only 21 but I feel like I’ve been suffering through two lifetimes. I don’t even know why I’m posting here, I’ll probably be gone within a couple of days anyway. I think I really just want to be heard before I end it, I left my life and my friends behind and it’s like I stopped existing when everybody forgot about me. I’m still here though, suffering in silence just like always but hopefully not for much longer. Sorry for the cry for attention, have a good day."	sw
"Thinking of suicide, only option left. I’m not in immediate danger, I don’t want anyone to panic. But I’ve been thinking of suicide. I just got out of hospital a few days ago and nothing has changed and I’m back to my only option being suicide.  I’ve had depression since I was a child and I’ve been through so many medications and therapies, I’ve exhausted all the resources provided and I’m still the same. I can’t have a normal life. I’ve tried researching other options but there’s nothing.  The only thing left to do is to kill myself, I don’t even want to die, I just don’t want to live like this anymore. "	sw
"Need suggestions on which for ear plugs to get for concerts... My coworker and I are going to a few concerts this summer, but we don't want to lose our hearing. We're seeing PATD, TSTM, going to Warped Tour.... you know rock concerts lol."	cc
"I'm having a phenomenal week, and it's all because of the little things. I currently have the worst grade of my life in an incredibly difficult course, but I've been going to office hours and doing extra problems to try to improve.  It's slow going but I'm getting better and that really makes me happy :)  I also happen to have another week and half of classes until finals, then summer vacation!  I didn't get an internship like I wanted, so I'm going to spend as much time as I can with my grandparents and family and make some extra money on the side.    Last but not least, I got my squat max up to 340 pounds this week!  It's nothing crazy but I didn't start seriously lifting until last September so it's a victory for me.  I'm also only 20 pounds from benching 225, which is another major goal of mine."	cc
"Who is your most obnoxious friend? Let’s call him Dan.  Dan cracks me up because he seems to have no social awareness. He’ll act like an idiot in public without caring what people think about him. It can be annoying because of secondhand embarrassment, but it’s also admirable.   He does this stupid “thrust” thing like if he’s having sex. only when he thrusts his hips in, he jumps forward. And he does this repeatedly, thrust-jumping off into the distance. My friends and I dare him to see how long he can thrust jump. He’ll basically thrust jump the length of a football field in a mall if we bet him that he’s not able to. He’s really immature for our age (22)  I remember in our high school drama class, we had a new kid introducing himself. The teacher said “Thank you Ryan. Welcome, you’ve just made a class full of friends”.  And then Dan yelled from the back “AND EVERYONE OF THEM IS FAKE!” (which was true). Suddenly everyone turns around and glares at us. He’s always saying things that people normally wouldn’t say, and he does it with no shame. EDIT: Another time he got mad because he heard a rumor that Zac Efron would be playing Daredevil on Netflix. He got so angry he kicked over a metal trash can and stomped all over it during lunch, storming away and leaving us and the whole quad in shock.   Do you have an obnoxious friend? Or are you the obnoxious one in the group?"	cc
"4.7.18 I think what I need to do is just accept that I'm gonna be broke for a very long time. Or maybe I just really need to look for a new fucking job....  Ya know, I try EVERYTHING I can to stay at my current place. I spend most of my time trying to figure out how to stay at my job, even as part time, because I love it there. I love the people I work with, I love our little culture.   but in the end I'm told I'm not showing enough initiative to want more hours. Because I won't give up the two free days a week that I get off, I'm not showing enough initiative or ""need"" for extra hours. Because I was in the middle of moving and had to say no to coming in early a couple times, I'm not willing to take extra hours.  I try so fucking hard for this job. I don't want to leave. Even after my manager fucking shit on me and fucked me over HARD on a full time position. After she gave one of the only full time position to a fucking SEASONAL worker who can't even fucking work the customer service desk! I have given everything that I can to make it work so I can stay at this job. Even with the almost 30 minute fucking commute.  But I keep getting told it's not fucking enough.... I'm not giving enough of my life to you. I'm not working hard enough.  I need to look for a new job."	sw
"For people that are in a career, how did you get your first career job? So I have a degree in animation and I have video editing skills too. I got out of college, I’ve been thrown into the real world, and now I’m trying to start my career. But getting a job is the most difficult thing I’ve ever faced. I’m not talking about a normal job(I’ve gotten a Starbucks job in the past), I mean a career job. I’ve been out of college for 2 years and I just can’t get hired. I need some ideas for getting a job.  So that’s where this post comes in. For everyone that currently is working within their career, how did you get that first job? "	cc
"If we are all going to die at some point, what is the purpose of living at all? Really can't see the point right now... Suggestions? Help? Please... "	sw
"Looking for a way out, again... A little bit of information about me, I'm an eighteen year old Male, 3 previous hospitalizations, been depressed since I was 12, I was raped when I was 9 by my neighbor. The rapes continued on for about 2 years.  I keep having flashbacks of what happened to me when I was little, I never thought anything of it at the time, he said is was a ""game.""  He always let me play on his phone or something like that afterwards. When I was around 12-13 I realized what actually happened to me, I never said anything to anyone because I was too scared. I can't even fall asleep without drugs anymore, which I can't even get ahold of on my own because the last time I tried to kill myself my parents locked up all the medication in the house. I'm thinking about taking a car in the middle of the night and parking near the train station and just walking down the tracks. My therapist doesnt help me. My parents say they care about me, but I have a hard time seeing it. After my last attempt most people at my school ignored me. I'm just sick and tired of being ignored."	sw
"I'm kind of an extrovert, I think I've been struggling with depression for quite some time, and now that I've found the right meds (hopefully), I've been having more energy lately. But it's not only just that. I also have this big craving for socialisation, and my depression had kept me away from social interactions for so long that it has been a habit for to to shy away from people. I think I'm an extrovert. I took that 13 personalities test, as well as the ocean test, and they both indicate that I am an extrovert, so I might be one??  Anyways, I'm posting here looking for interesting people to chat with!  Are you an introvert or an extrovert? Taken any personality tests lately? "	cc
. i wish this pain could just go away and stop killing me inside because soon I'll be dead on the outside too. 	sw
"I set fire to everything I touch I have lost all hope, and I have no where else to turn. I have no friends to talk to, and I haven’t spoken to my family in almost 2 years.    Basically I have suffered from depression in some form since I was around 13. I will be 31 on Sunday and I can’t take it anymore.  I can’t remember a time in my life where my parents ever hugged me or gave me any affection, and the have never told me they loved me. However they have told me how much of a loser I am, and been overly critical of everything I have ever done. So realizing that they were toxic for me, I ceased all communication with them, and forfeit any ideas that they would ever change.  They last 3 or 4 years, things have just gotten unbearable for me. I think the depression flared up in a major way when my wife miscarried our first child. The whole situation really sent me into a downward spiral that I have yet to recover from. That event brought a lot of stress and problems into our marriage. During that time, I began seeing a physiatrist and also began taking medication. This seemed to help somewhat with my mood, but it also introduced side effects and I began the carousel of medication changes.  About a year later we got pregnant again, and later my daughter was born. I really feel like my depression robbed me of that euphoric feeling of endless love for your child that everyone describes. I really felt nothing, although I know I was “supposed” to love her.  Soon after (2 months) my daughter was born, my wife could not take living with a depressed person any more and she decided to move out with her mother, and we separated.  I continued to go to therapy, and my phycologist, to try and improve my symptoms, and get my family back. For the next six months things just seemed to get worse between us, and it all led me to a suicide attempt. It failed obviously, but it led me to be hospitalized in a psychiatric unit, were I was once again but on diffent meds.   Through all of this I continued therapy after getting out, and eventually convinced my wife to do couples therapy, all in hopes I would get my only friend back, and be able to bond and build a relationship with my young daughter.  She eventually decided to file for divorce. She said it was to protect or daughter, from me being able to get her at anytime. She wanted legal print in place for protection basically. Obviously my condition continued to deteriorate, but we were still trying to work on things. I voluntarily checked myself into a different, highly acclaimed, physiatrist hostpital to try and address my suicidal feelings and depression I had been suffering from the past several years.  Once again, things got momentarily better, but soon after I was still feeling the same and having the same thoughts of harming myself.  This pattern continued and eventually she finalized the divorce, I was hospitalized again, I lost my wife, and my daughter. She got the courts to agree that I am unable to see my daughter without supervision. So basically I can’t be alone with her. It makes it very difficult to do since I have no friends, and the only family I have that I speak to and that cares about me is my 80 year old grandmother.  During this time I also was looked over for a promotion at work that I told I was going to get but didn’t.  I have never given up hope that we could get back together and we would be able to be a family, and I would get better and get to be close to my daughter.  But to top it all off, I just found out my ex wife has now began dating someone new. She was my only friend, and now that she is seeing someone, she keeps conversation strictly to our now 2 year old daughter.   So the only 2 people I have in this world is my daughter, who won’t even hug me. And my grandmother, and when I lose her I don’t know what I will do.   I have thought about suicide multiple times a day for as long as I can remember. It’s really the only thing that could end the pain. I am not an easy person to get along with and I have so little self worth, and no redeeming qualities, that I truly believe my daughter would be much better off without me. Especially if I were to go now while she is young and has formed no memories of me.  I’m really just rambling at this point, and it is probably a wall of text, but I have no where else to turn, as I have since given up on meds and therapy and have just become a, resentful, bitter, depressed and suicidal person who is literally unlovable."	sw
"Anyone else burned out on all the new Marvel movies? I've only seen maybe a quarter of them (last one was Thor Ragnarok) and I did enjoy them, but they feel kinda formulaic, predictable, and it's like a bad case of sequel-itis. Yesterday I went to watch Isle of Dogs and there was a preview for Deadpool 2 (haven't seen the first one) and I just rolled my eyes. Even all the talk of Star Wars movies, like today's Han Solo movie trailer coming out, has me uninterested. It's like Disney is milking their cows to death.   Sorry, maybe this is more of a rant than casual conversation material. I just needed to put this out somewhere. "	cc
"Suicide by masterbation, Is it a thing? So some kid in Japan beat his meat like 40+ times then died.   Just thinking if anyone would actually do that to end it. "	sw
"Found a new Youtuber that I really liked... checked out his channel and it turned out he was a white nationalist. I feel gross. The video I watched had nothing to do with racism or politics. But I really liked the style and I watch more Youtube than cable tv, so its always really cool when you find a talented content creator.   I click into his channel to watch other stuff and lo and behold its filled with anti black, white nationalist ""race realism"" and conversations with Sargon.    So disappointing, because the dude had a great voice, awesome editing skills and was a talented writer. I don't want to dismiss ideas outright, but there's a certain line I'm just not willing to cross. When you start elaborating in a neutral accent on the stupidity of black people and refer to them as ""negroes"" I'm noping out.     "	cc
"There's A LOT of spiders in my basement I recently moved into this place (renting), it's a split level apartment and noticed there were some spiders upon moving in. No big deal, I actually don't mind spiders and let them live. Well, I was looking around down there today and no joke there's 100 spiders at least down there. The place came somewhat ""furnished"" and underneath the chairs and table there's at least a dozen spiders. I put my suitcase down there, two had already set up shop on it and seemed to be duking it out for a potato bug nearby.   What do. I'd rather not have to kill them all myself. Also the kitchen is in the basement. Also the sink smells like mildew at certain times of the day. Also the spiders never come upstairs to the bedroom. "	cc
Why just why Hello everyone i have a few words  all that ive tried for months to get help for this crippling depression. Consoling and medicine everything even being open with my fiance. But nothing is working. To the point even while on the medicine I just want to die. Ive cut into my arm and face a few days ago and it was easy for me. My body is now allowing me to finnaly get closer to ending it all. Even with the supposeit love from my fiance and family i just want death. Im tired of the wicked world. Im tired of hate and im tired of living myself a loser to the world a faliure to society. Just a walking mistake. Nothing about me is good and I should just end it all like my body allowing me to. Maybe ill just goto to the walmart and buy some pain killers to get rid of the pain. Use all my medicine to make me emotionaless and allow the process to take full effect. Because living in this world of regret of hate of lonelyness is just getting harder and harder. Fuck should I even be alive right now? Should I have even gotten the help i did? Should I just do what my parents couldnt pull through with and just end my miserable life? What do I need to do? What should I do? Why am I still here? WHY AM I STILL HERE? A FAILURE TO THE MAX A DISGRACE OF A HUMAN JUST A CONPLEAT FOOL. JUST WHY. JUST FUCKING WHY CANT I DO IT? WHY CANT I JUST FINNALY DIE? WHY? 	sw
"Is it weird to have alt accounts for different types of content? I currently have about 3-4 alt accounts, each used to view different types of content that interest me, with this being my primary for general content. I was wondering if it is out of the ordinary to have alts for different types of communities. "	cc
"I am very depressed. I don't know where to start to put this into context.   I guess I'll start from the start and try to keep it coherent and short as possible.   My mom is an alcoholic, I always said I'd never drink like she did. I'm typing this as I'm more than halfway through a bottle of brandy in one sitting.   That's number one.   Number two is I want to get out of my dead-end job and I have EVERY opportunity to study wise as my dad is paying for everything and yet I can't. I drink myself to oblivion and can't focus and study because of it.   My current job exhausts me beyond compare, it's not reasonable 'working under pressure' circumstances. I am pulled into every direction, blamed for everything and have to pay for every mistake out of my own pocket even if it is not my mistake. If I am not paying for it, I get guilt-tripped.   I have two cats and four plants. The cats are fine, my plants are dying. I feel like I can't look after anything, not even myself.   My house is a mess, the only clean thing is my cats and myself.   I can barely make ends meet because of my drinking problem, I have no emergency fund, medical aid or funeral cover.   I was in a relationship until two days ago. I left him because I couldn't handle eventually losing him.   I lost so many people to death in the last year that I just gave up caring. I'm hurting so much over it and I feel like absolute shit, but I left him because the pain is less now than it would've been in the future.   I am so close to finding a gun or finding a easy exit. I have a constant pain in my chest area from this, just from the loss and hopelessness.   I am done. I don't know what to do, or actually, I probably do. Drinking, for one. Sorting my finances, getting my emotions in check. It's all easy when I list them, but it never works.  "	sw
Done I want to die so fucking bad i am so done with this shitty fucking life im not strong enough 	sw
"What books could you recommend me? I read lots of fantasy/science fiction books like The school for good and evil and miss peregrine home for peculiar children, and I would like to get back into reading some more. Any books you could recommend me that are into the genre and similar to these?"	cc
"Does anyone else like ordering the same thing from their fave restaurant? So I have a few favorite places I like to order food from in the city in I live in right now. But, I feel like I'm too predictable and order the same thing now most of the time. I get my burger from one place most of the time, my chicken and rice from another, and so on. Some places are just good for some things and not others. But the person placing my order now knows exactly what I want and it's making me wonder if something is wrong with me."	cc
"Flight or invisibility? I'd pick flight, but I think it would get boring like anything else. Ultimately, flying low would be the coolest. Swooping around church spires and stuff. I would run out of ethical places to while invisible quickly I think, and I wouldn't like the guilty conscience. Let me know what you think?"	cc
"Someone please help. I want to die but my religion won't let me kill myself. There is no escape for me. I've gotten so much professional help. So much. More than most people could ever afford. TMS. Ketamine. Counseling. Antidepressants. Therapy animals. It hasn't been enough. I'm in so much pain and there's nothing I can do about it. I just wish I spend the rest of my life asleep or high, but I can't.   I feel like the world is holding out on me. So many people suffering, such a huge industry, but where is the help for me? Where is the treatment THAT WORKS?!"	sw
I'm tired of not knowing what to call the decade between the 90s and the Teens I've heard in the last century the called it the Aughts. Which I can't make sound natural coming out of my mouth.   Has that been settled and I'm just out of the loop? 18 years is long enough that someone would come up with something we can all agree on by now.   I've decided to go with the Oh's. Does anyone else do that? Anyone have a better idea? 	cc
"Love of my life left me. Why? I honestly don't want to think about suicide. I know it doesn't fix anything and will only bring harm to my family. I write here not because I want to suicide but because I believe there are some good people out there who will just listen to what I say and help me think about my future. Maybe my problem is nothing compared to the awful experiences other people had but that is just what makes me want to die. I'm sorry if I sound like a kid or somehow hurt others just by saying that. I'm sorry if this is the wrong place to ask for help.  I have a girlfriend. I mean not just a girlfriend to me, we've been together for almost 4 years now. We met in college, spent almost every minute together. I mean it. We lived in dorms together, took same classes, we both weren't very social so literally almost every single minute passed together. We were really happy, our parents met, we were serious. Then we graduated and started working. We only saw each other once a week for few hours. We both live with our parent and very far from each other. Today, out of nowhere she told me she wants to have a break, that she is so unhappy but she is not sure whether this unhappiness is because of me or not. She said to me she cries in mornings because she is unhappy and she didn't tell me. We never lied to each other or hid something except this. I'm shocked. I mean this mind sound stupid but I felt like we were one. She is my greatest friend, my only true friend, she was like me. I could talk literally anything with her without hesitation. She was the same. I know.   Now she wants a break. She says she needs to think whether she is unhappy because of me or not. I don't even get it. I ask you, whoever cares,   Is there any possibility someone who is that close to me, like my mother, to just say I need a break, let's not meet for a time, which I cannot give you a precise one?   I can't stop thinking but I just don't see the possibility. No matter what happened in my life, whether the cause is her or not I would have never left her because I know she is worth going through hell. I would never guess something like this would happen because I thought she was like me. We were one and even if life was shit, we would get over it together. I'm not the greatest guy, I know that but I feel like I don't deserve this either. I'm 23(2 days ago was my birthday), but I am pretty sure there will never be someone like her in my life if I ever lose her. I have lived my whole life with only one purpose which is to live with the people you love together to the end of your time. I cared only about love. Why would she even leave me? I seriously do not get it. Someone, please give me an idea why she might have done that.   "	sw
"Just finished a movie The PSD is severe today. Post series depression for those of you who don’t know. It’s when you finish a book show or movie and get sad afterwards.   I finished watching this sad movie called werewolf boy and it didn’t even make me cry but instead left me feeling emptier than ever. I stopped watching tv shows because they were more time consuming than movies and made me have intense PSD. So I switched to movies because there’s less commitment and hey, it’s shorter than tv shows so I won’t get too attached and be sad when it ends. But oh how I was wrong. Finishing movies makes me emptier than when I finish a tv show, which is weird considering the fact that I spend less time on movies. Go figure I guess.  sorry for any formatting issues I’m on mobile "	cc
"I want to stab myself I've wanted to kill myself for a long time, but I keep living because of my family. I want to make sure they're well-off before I end my life.  The thought of stabbing myself makes me feel calm. I don't know why, but it's always been the way I wanted to go. I sometimes hold knives up to my chest for hours, just thinking about what it would feel like to die."	sw
friyayyy! 5 q's to send you away. 1. plans for the weekend?  2. thoughts on the weeknd?  3. would you rather... hm give me a good one would you rather  4. do some people take their work too seriously?  5. who's your crush right now?	cc
"My wife wants to leave me for another guy It hurts so much, especially because she helped me out of a deep depression when I met her 9 years ago. Now suicide thoughts are my only consolation. I have a plan I made already many years ago and I don't see any sense in my life. I don't even want to feel better, I just want to sleep and never wake up again."	sw
"I'm getting help, I have support, Why do I feel like this? Hi, I'm an 18 yr old latino male who have had suicidal ideations and thoughts of self harm since I was in 7th grade. I've had many lowpoints in my life including a point when I was 17 where I plunged a hair-dryer into a filled bathtub with me inside of it and it didn't electrocute me, I'm pretty sure it had something to do with the outlet I used inside the bathroom. I trusted my mother with my thoughts when I was young and she talked about it behind my back when she was with my father, discrediting it to me making excuses for my grades. I couldn't trust anyone anymore with my thoughts until I had flunked out of my number one school by isolating myself in my room for 2 months, ifinally told my parents the day before I planned to commit it, they helped me find a therapist and a psychatrist. Nevertheless I was hospitalized a month later for self harm, my parents were not sure I was safe and they work during the day, it was a particular bad day. Coming out of the hospital i felt a renewed sense of hope, I was feeling good, and ready to work on myself. Sinve then I have had tge most intense and vivid thoughts of killing myself and self harming. I've given in a few times and have cut up my face and hands, othertimes I talk to the many friends I have that are going through some of the same things. Lately I've been isolating myself from my friends and my parents have become frustrated with my lack of progress, I don't know what to do, I feel like its going to be any day now until I give into these thoughts that I have.I just don't know what to do, therapy is slightly working, but im not sure that it will be enough. My pills are barely working as it is, I feel like I am hopeless."	sw
"I'm moving! So I have lived in the same apartment for nine years. It is cheap for the size, placement is great and I have been in love with it since I first viewed it.   A couple of weeks ago, my partner and I decided to move in together and I was a bit sad at having to leave this apartment and find a new place.  Well the universe seems to be telling me that the move is the exact right decision. Since deciding to move:   Another apartment above me became vacant and needs a complete overhaul. The workmen show up at 7.15 each morning and start hammering and yelling.   I suddenly have ants for the first time ever.   The wall has started peeling from moisture and I am watching out for mold.   I have completely lost all affection for this apartment. I found a new one almost immediately. I'm so excited to move!   I hear you universe, loud and clear!"	cc
I need hugs 	sw
I FUCKED UP I'M SO DUMB I DO THIS ALL THE TIME I LET AN OPPORTUNITY SLIP I FUCKED UP IM GONNA KILL MYSELF	sw
"I obsessively segment, reverse and visualize words in my head. I also count the amount of letters in the words. I am constantly taking words I hear or see throughout the day and breaking them into pieces in my head.  For instance, the word ""hospital"" would become hos-pi-tal to keep an even amount of letters on each side of a pivotal couple of letters in the middle.  It could also become hosp-ital but that's less satisfying.  If it's a word with an odd number of letters I'll only put one letter in the middle, such as chev-r-olet.    Not as commonly, I'll reverse words and pronounce them backwards, also in my head.  I also count the letters in the words I'm visualizing.  So if someone were to ask me how many letters are in the word ""conversation"", I would be able to instantly answer 12 without having to think, because I've ran most of the common words through my head dozens if not hundreds of times.  I also take the first letter or two of two words and swap them, so saying ""I'm going to take a shower"" turns into ""I'm going to shake a tower.""    I'm a fully functioning adult with a great career so this doesn't impact me financially in any way, but it does on occasion cause me to ""get lost"" in the word manipulation and I stop listening to people.  Normally I can do all of this and still listen, but some of the tougher, longer words cause me to really get quite in-depth.  I'm not aggressively seeking answers to what this is, I've always just attributed it to me being weird, but if someone has insight as to what it might be, I'd love to discuss it.  I'd also like to discuss similar habits others might have.  I don't have a lot of cont-ig-uous time to reply, but I'll be on and off of Reddit the rest of the afternoon!"	cc
[17m] It's as if I don't even exist. I'm 17 just finishing highschool. I got into my top choice university but that's about it. All throughout highschool I never had any friends except for one. And now he's leaving me for his gf. I never even had a girlfriend. Forget that I never even had a friend that was a girl. I don't get it everyone at school can have fun and party but I have to cry alone in my room because no one talks to me. Ive tried everything from dating apps to meeting people. Nothing works. Everyone leaves. It's time I leave too. 	sw
"I thought about jumping out the window of my mom’s hospital room It’s my spring break but my mom suddenly had an emergency health problem so I’ve been staying over at the hospital with her. Her bed is near a big window with a breeze and I’m small so I thought about how easy it’d be to just open the latch and jump down. It was only three stories high but I’m not that physically fit so maybe I’ll die very easily, is what I thought.   I haven’t been this close to going through with my ideations for about a year, so it was. Interesting. But I couldn’t because my mom was sick and school’s opening and this is only the beginning of my misery."	sw
"My Step-dad I decided to share my dad’s story here in the hope that maybe someone might take comfort in it, or that it might save someone’s life somehow. He was actually my step-dad but was in my life from the age of 5.   My dad suffered with emotional issues his entire life, stemming from years of verbal abuse from his parents. He was told he was stupid, that he would never amount to anything. His dad showed no interest in his life (my dad played hockey as a teenager and his dad went to one game in all the years he played, and it was only because his co-worker’s son was playing on the other team).   In August 2014, my dad came out of his bedroom and collapsed in our Kitchen. We thought he was having a stroke, and called an ambulance. He was rushed to hospital and was initially diagnosed with Meningitis without any of the proper diagnostic tests. He returned home and remained sick for an entire month. After his mental status began to deteriorate further and it seemed like he was getting worse, we took him back to the hospital and he was re-admitted. The day after we received a note in our mailbox that told us his boss had set him up to get sick in order to get him out of his workplace, and had someone put pesticides and pills in his food. In other words, he was poisoned. He was treated and recovered but noone was every found guilty or charged.  Following his poisoning he developed PTSD. He saw his psychiatrist who diagnosed him one time and never again after that. For the next two years he went to counselling and a psychologist, stayed off work from his former workplace on stress leave and went to work somewhere else, started going to the gym, was healthier and seemed happier. Little did we know his silent struggle underneath the happy facade he put on for us all.   January 29th, 2018.   My mom and I woke up around 9am. I found a note on my bed that said “I love you son”. My mom found one on her phone that said ‘I’ll love you forever”. His phone was still on the counter. His car was in the driveway. He left no note to say he was going somewhere. The little notes he left us weren’t alarming at first because he left notes for us from time to time. He hadn’t let the dog out of his cage which was unusual as he always did. I let him outside, and noticed our back door was still locked. We only ever used the back door; He rarely used the front unless someone was picking him up. My mom called his best friend to find out if he was with him; he wasn’t. She checked his phone to see if there were any calls or texts that morning. There weren’t. She found texts between him and his counsellor; he had cancelled all of his appointments in December 2017 and January 2018, lying about being sick and getting a full-time job.   My mom started to panic and decided to look at our security camera to see if someone picked him up. She knew he had gotten up at 6:30am that morning as she had heard him rummaging in his dresser and had turned over to look at him before going back to sleep. It wasn’t unusual for him to get up early as he sometimes had trouble sleeping and would go for a walk or watch TV.   6:38am. He walked out the front door carrying a plastic grocery bag with something in it. He walked out to the end of our driveway, turned to look back at our house for a few seconds, and then turned away and walked down the street. My mom panicked and went to check his drawers; all of his pills were gone.   10:00am. We immediately went to his parent’s and grandparent’s house (they had two houses on one lot; his grandparent’s are both deceased). We knew that was the only place he would go if he was going to hurt himself. He took the only set of keys, so we couldn’t get into either house. We didn’t want to break a window as his parents are very crooked people and would likely have us charged with B&E if we did and he wasn’t there.  10:30am. We went to the police. They didn’t take us seriously; had us go back home and wait for an officer to come to our house. The officer showed up, asked us questions, and told us to drive around and look for him while they looked at getting into the houses.  11:30am-12:30pm. We drove around our little town (we checked the cemetery where his grandparents are buried and checked some other places he might have gone, called some of his friends etc.). At 12:30 his best friend called us and told us the police found him in his grandparent’s house and to get there quickly as he was unresponsive. It was the most terrifying thing. We pulled up, and my mom and I fell apart as we walked up to the house. We were thinking he would be dead. They wouldn’t let us inside to see him. They told us he was breathing and that he would go straight to the city as he would need to go to a Psychiatric unit after he recovered. We started to head that way. We hadn’t even been driving 5 minutes and the police called my mom again and told us that his breathing wasn’t stable enough and he needed to go to our local hospital first to be stabilized.   1:30pm. He arrived in the ER and they started working on him. He had overdosed intentionally. He received 11 doses of Narcan and was put on a Narcan IV drip. He had ingested multiple narcotic medications, some of which were his from his hospitalization in 2014; some were his parent’s from their house. After 3-4 hours he went up to ICU. They told us he needed to get the drugs out of his system to stabilize and then he would go to Psych. He woke up periodically after a narcan dose was administered. He knew he was in the hospital and tried sitting up to hug my mom. He actually said “hospital”, when asked if he knew where he was.  5:30pm. My mom and I decided to go home to let the dog out and eat something. We didn’t even make it half way (12 minute drive), and the hospital called us back. His breathing had deterioriated and they needed to intubate to maintain his airway. We turned around and went back. They intubated him; it took three attempts and he vomited during the process, aspirating into his lungs.   8:00pm. My dad was unstable and needed to be transferred to a better equipped hospital. He was transferred to one in the city.   For the next three or four days we were hopeful. He showed signs up waking up when they lowered his sedatives. They told us once he recovered and could come off the ventilator, he would go to psych and then we would deal with it from there.   That isn’t what happened.   He wasn’t able to be extubated the first week as he was very agitated whenever they lowered the sedation. The second week, he started having seizures. His ET tube (Endotracheal tube) that was his life support started leaking and couldn’t be changed for two days. The hospital staff didn’t listen to us when we kept saying he was having seizures. They told us it was just shivering from his fever (he had persistent fevers after he aspirated because he developed aspiration pneumonia). He went two days having untreated seizures. On the 3rd day, the doctor acknowledged his seizures but didn’t prescribe any anti-convulsants. He went two more days with no intervention. On the 5th day the neurologist finally consulted and he was put on anticonvulsants. He ended up on three different medications. On the 7th day he went for an MRI and had a seizure for an hour and a half. At this time he was transferred to another hospital.   At the other hospital we were told he was not being oxygenated properly. They suspected a hypoxic brain injury. At this point we had not seen him open his eyes for almost two weeks. They ran more tests. He developed infections. They told us they couldn’t tell how bad his brain damage was unless they treated his infections; but that he would need to have a tracheostomy put in as the ET tube needed to be removed (they are typically only used for 2 weeks max; he had his for 3 1/2 at this point).   This was where my mom had to make the hardest decision of her life. Where I has to support her through it. We were told if they did a tracheostomy that there was no going back; that he could recover but if he did have brain damage there would be no way of ending life support, unless he required a feeding tube and we could stop that, essentially starving him to death.   We decided to end life support, as he would not want to recover if he could not go home 100% who he was before. He had left 5 notes that were found with him. In one he stated he wanted to donate his organs. So we looked at organ donation. In the end due to infection he was only able to donate his kidneys. But in his death he did save two lives.   The worst part of all of it was the end. They removed his life support and we all sat with him. He needed to die within two hours to remain an elligible donor. We sat there for two hours, listening to the sounds of him dying. The sound of his breathing will haunt me for the rest of my life. It is the worst thing that I have ever experienced (and I am a nurse professionally). I wish that experience upon noone. At one point he opened his eyes, and I cried, because I couldn’t stand watching him suffer and struggle to breath. Knowing that the medications he was receiving were making it harder for him. It was so upsetting to watch; and with my mom by my side it was that much harder watching her fall apart as the love of her life passed away.   We were listening to all of his favourite music while we waited. He loved 80’s hair bands. And for the last hour we listened to a random Ozzy Osbourne playlist on Youtube. He took his last breath right at the two hour mark when we thought all hope was lost. We didn’t notice until later, but the last song I had playing on my phone was “See You On The Other Side” by Ozzy Osbourne. He died halfway through the song.   February 24th, 2018. The day we heard his last breath.  I am going to be burying his ashes today, two months later. I’ve been back to work. I haven’t started counselling yet but I know that I need to. I have no sense of time. My short term memory is all but gone. Even some of my long-term memory is gone right now. But I remember each and every detail of the whole ordeal with crystal clarity. My mom is staying off of work on stress leave while she deals with his affairs.   I miss him so much. I wish he would have come to me, talked to me, asked for help. But all I can think about is how much he suffered. He must have been in such terrible pain; and while I love him and wish he was still here, I am happy for him that he is in a better place and is no longer suffering. It’s just a shame; he was so young, at just 41 years old. I myself am only 22 years old and I find it strange being so young and having to bury a parent.   To anyone having suicidal thoughts, or who had attempted suicide, know that I acknowledge your pain. It is not all in your head. It is not made up. It is real, and legitimate, and you don’t deserve to suffer that way. I hope that our story may encourage you to seek help, if only so that you don’t risk suffering in the way that my dad did in the hospital for a month. It’s degrading and I know my dad would have been so angry and humiliated to have seen himself in that hospital bed, unable to eat, needing a catheter to urinate, a rectal tube to prevent him from messing the bed all the time. He would have been so infuriated with himself for putting himself in that position, and knowing how he felt about us I think he would be angry with himself for putting my mom and I through all of it in the process. But I don’t blame him, nor am I angry with him. I still love him and I always will. I do not wish any of this on anyone.   Take care dad. I miss you. Don’t worry, I’ll take care of mom like you asked. I love you more than you will ever know. I only wish I had said it more often. I love you. "	sw
"Wizard of Oz is my favourite movie Yeah it is my favourite movie , iam seeing  happynies or sadness at the same time"	sw
"My estranged father is trying to come back into my life. He wrote me a letter. What should I say? I won't get too deep into details but my father is a deeply troubled man. He isn't a bad person but his good intentions have caused a lot of pain and heartbreak between me, my mother, and my sister. I guess I could call him a toxic person. Very emotionally abusive, but not physically.   When I was 13 my parents split (more like, my mom came to her senses, grabbed my sister and me, and ran away). A restraining order was placed. Again, he never hit us, but it was more of a precaution considering his mental instability.  A few months ago I turned 18, meaning the restraining order no longer applied to me. I knew he would try to find me but I also knew that whenever that inevitably happened, I wouldn't know how to handle it.   The other day I opened my campus mailbox to find two letters from him. One of them was a simple Happy Easter card. The other one had a large quantity of bills, and a check for a LOT of money made out to my university (paying off tuition has been a struggle).   I was pretty freaked out, and compulsively deposited the check  (I know I should've waited). But now that he knows I've opened it, I feel the need to say something back to him. He literally knows where I live so I can't ignore him forever. What sort of thing should I say? He put his number in the card but I don't think I'm ready to just call or text him whenever yet. I feel like writing him a letter back?? I'm usually good at handling myself but when it comes to anything involving my old man I can't really function. So sorry if I sound a little ramble-y. Let me know what you guys think.  I posted this on r/advice too so nobody yell at me for x-posting"	cc
"I have to write 15 pages today Hi guys!  So, this is one of my last college assignments before I graduate. I have done most of the research and I roughly structured the text, or at least how I want it to look but today will be stressful no doubt. I pushed all the blame aside, of course it was stupid to not start earlier with the text but this is the situation now and I have to make the most of it.  Soo, did you do stupid things like this as well which left you with a lot of work in a short time? What is your 'assignment time record' if you will. Also a minor question, what tips do you have to power through a full workday like that?"	cc
"Yesterday could have been my last day... And it should've been my last day. Last night I attempted to OD myself for the 3rd time but I forced myself to vomit a couple of minutes later, I still don't know why I did that (the vomitting part). I've been in a dark place for quite a while now and at first I thought I could fight this alone. Recently I opened myself to a very good friend of mine and I have to say that the support I received was amazing, it really helped me but only for a while.. I honestly tried a lot of things to get out of this dark place but I keep falling here everytime and I don't know what to do anymore. I don't know if I should've included my friend in this because it only made her feel worse. God I'm such a bad friend. Probably next time I will attempt to do end it, I will go until it is finished. I guess I need to talk to someone at the moment. I will give any details you guys need to help me get better.. "	sw
"I want to finally stop suffering. I'm afraid of committing suicide someday. I'm 14 and these four last years I've been depressed. I know it looks pathetic that a stupid teen pretends to depressed, and honestly I also think that I'm really pathetic. I thought that I was feeling better but I can't escape reality and I can't escape the truth that I'm a shit and that my life is shit. I'm always having nervous breakdowns, where I think about killing myself. It would be so easy: no more problems, all I have to do is to grab a knife in the kitchen and I already know which artery to cut (I'm so pathetic and stupid). While I'm having these breakdowns, I can't think about anything and I'm afraid that someday I will kill myself without realizing (so pathetic). I just don't want to hurt the really few people who still care a little about me.  I just wanted to talk and to be finally free of this pain. I want so much to kill me, I need to commit suicide, I want to die, I have to die because I hate myself and I'm so pathetic. So forget about me, just like everyone."	sw
"just venting Hey all   I dunno how to start this rant/stream of consciousness off, but I've been felt completely empty as of late...Well, I've felt depressed for years but I feel like I've been in this terrible depressing state for a month now. I would've thought it'd last a few days, but no. I'm still in it.  I don't enjoy anything anymore or not as much as I used to by a far margin, so every morning just feels wasted. I don't think there has been a morning where I didn't think of dying or how painful this day will continue to be and that I should just close my eyes and think I'm somewhere else. I'm mediocre at everything and seemed to have a haze over my eyes regarding how good at things I actually was.   I'm in my final year of high school education and I realize how important it is, but I'm not doing anything. I seem 'satisfied' with  just seeing my life wither away, apart from those times where it all comes to me and I cry in the dark.   I have no purpose and don't know what I want to do. I'd like to have a purpose in the world. I don't want to be an aimless person wandering around this world that will be forgotten but I'm  certainly not doing anything to change that. I opened my maths book open a few days ago and simply couldn't think. Nothing came to my head. I didn't know what to do. My writing seemed alien and the mind fog was real.  Late last year I said to myself that I'd change myself. It was an on and off routine and it's barely evident in my life anymore. I thought having the stride to change myself would, well, guarantee some progress but I've come to realize that these thoughts/hope materialized because I'm getting older and realize I need to be something in life.   The school break starts tomorrow and I haven't thought of it at all. I've been thinking of nothing. I used to dream about what I'd do in the school holidays but it hasn't occurred to me at all. I don't care about anything and it won't get better.   I don't trust the statement 'it gets better', because that's dependent on me. I'm not a great person and isolate people - and while I could work on myself, I'm still surrounded by toxicity myself. It won't get better but I just wanted a place to vent because I've got nobody else to talk to and when I did, I realized that some people don't care for emotional talk - unless it's about their own strifes in life.  I don't think I'll kill myself this year, or the next. Regardless of my successes, but I think it's inevitable. I don't think so many years of sadness and depressing feelings fly away just like that - regardless of what you do. I feel like it's stuck with me forever.  If you gave me the option to kill myself with no pain done to any party, I'd accept. I really would. Maybe I'd struggle with my words, but whatever."	sw
"What are you looking forward to(?), and other things. Rave: Best friend is getting married this weekend.   Rave: It's been a hell of a bachelorette ~~party~~ week  Rant: I have to wear a dress   Rave: I'll finally have my MS in aerospace engineering done come the end of this spring and I got accepted for a fantastic career upgrade/lateral shift, that was dependent on the degree.   Rave: The girlfriend and I've come to the conclusion a long time ago that we were going to get married once we're both done with college, and I just got confirmation that the store received the ring.   Rave: Great remarks for my exit interview (?) for the 100-level class I had been teaching   Rant: Grading exams, these freshmen might actually be retarded.   So, /r/casualconversations, what's up?   What are you looking forward to in life?"	cc
"For better or for worse, my computer is my life. At this point my entire life revolves around the computer. Everything seems to just be cheaper and easier to do on a computer than IRL. Doing research, paying bills, finding recipes, shopping, entertaining, socializing, the list just goes on and on. When I consider hobbies that may be of interest like becoming a pilot or racing cars, I end up turning to simulators because they are way cheaper, more convenient, and eliminate the risk of injury.  Do you guys feel like computers taking over your lives as well? I don't think I necessarily view this as being a negative thing, it's just... strange sometimes. And my eyes get tired."	cc
"I took 2 hits of acid about two hours ago and now I'm trying to decide what I want to do with my day. Hello! I am a dungeons and dragons enthusiast, raver, musician, reader, writer, artist, upcycler, veteran, agnostic, stark political moderate, and amateur responsible recreational drug user, so my day could head in a lot of different directions. Like I said, I took two hits of acid today (I do this a lot, so no worries of me freaking out) but I'm all by my lonesome, so I thought I would reach out to the front page of the internet. It is always nice to have someone to talk to when you're tripping, I figure why not make a friend! My post got banned from r/r4r because I posted twice in 24 hours (my bad mods, didn't read the rules there), so I thought I would bring it over here. I was going to go for a walk because I' having a fairly visual trip, but the cold weather might prevent that.   For now I'm watching Escape to the Country on Netflix and working on my D&D homebrew campaign."	cc
I have the pills in front of me Everyone would be better off if I were dead. I can’t function. I can’t live. My family hates me and wishes me dead. I have nowhere to go. Someone please convince me because I’m about to down these pills. I feel so cold and I’m shaking. 	sw
"When I was a 'lazy care-free student' I had an alarm every morning, a strict bed time, regimented days and periods set aside for fun time. Now that I'm out in the real world, a 'functioning member of society' and parent I never use alarms, bed time could be 9pm, 1am,3am, who knows, days are more... overcome than organised and I drink every chance I get! (once or twice/month). "	cc
"I regret waking up today It wasn't worth the hassle. I woke up, I skipped breakfast, jerked off, browsed reddit, had cereal for lunch and dinner. I'm crouched in some ugly fetal position on the floor with my 7 year old laptop, weighed down by emptiness and my own cowardice and laziness. I think my fear of death's subsided, might try again and see what happens."	sw
What is the point? I cant do this any more. The thing is I have felt this way since I was so young that I don't know any other way to feel. I don't want to wake up...   	sw
"I can't remember the last time I was happy this cycle I'm living in of not being happy with who I am, what I've become and this empty life. Ideation is just a habit now and I don't want to feel this way anymore. on the outside im fine and i make sure i look fine, in my head, the way I feel just makes me want to end it all.   this cycle of thinking is driving me crazy."	sw
"It's 1am, I'm a little buzzed And I wanna say hey to you all :)   What's the good things you're focusing on atm? For me it's work - I'm finally in a job I like and it's furthering my career.  What you people thankful for? Remember the little things :) "	cc
I want to die and i dont know why I just want to be happy but everything i do takes me closer to the edge and im almost over it  	sw
"I rescued a possibly pregnant dog off Facebook I saw a post yesterday selling a pregnant maltipoo on Facebook. The post had tons of comments calling the lady out for dog flipping and then they kicked her out of the group. I messaged the woman and went and got the dog. I don’t know if she’s really pregnant. If she is pregnant who knows what type of dog the dad is. I take her to the vet tomorrow. She seems like shes had a rough life. The lady gave me a bunch of bogus information on a vet that ended up not knowing who she was and had never seen the dog, i expected that though. I’m just really excited about our new addition to the family. I know nothing about dog pregnancy or birth or any of that so I’m probably in over my head but i had to snatch her out of that situation before someone took her and popped out 9 litters from the poor girl! Any advice would be appreciated! "	cc
"what are some songs/artists/albums that give you intense nostalgia when listening to? my dad used to play Audioslave songs alot when I was really young and now just here recently i've went back and have been listening to all those songs he used to play, and it gives me such intense nostalgia and makes me want to go back to the early 2000's so desperately. it almost gives me a sad feeling yet i like it for some reason. does anyone else feel this way with certain music? what music makes you feel this way? "	cc
"It's my birthday today and I have no idea what to do Not even one idea. Not even a little one. Not even an idea of an idea.  So here are the parameters on my 28th birthday:  * I live in a small lakeside tourist town of 3,000 people  * I have a limited budget due to disability but it's not zero  * I have limited mobility but my sister lent me her bike  * It's friggin cold today lol April so far has been winter here  * I woke up at 3:45 (hey cool 3 4 5) and am a little bit sore  * I don't know anyone in my town nor do I have any friends  * EDIT I am vegan so this applies to all activities thank y'all"	cc
"I just enlisted in the Canadian Army as an infantry soldier. I'm 22 years old, growing up I never thought i'd be doing this, but I feel like it's the course I need to take. I'm both nervous and excited for the challenges ahead. My family and girlfriend are supportive, with a bit of fear mixed in.   Any of you have family members or loved ones in the military?"	cc
"I’ve finally found things in my life that make me happy. I love acting and singing, I love psychology and everything about it and how fascinating it is. I am a lead in a musical, never thought it would happen. I am headed to a great college. It sucks that I had to wait until my senior year to realize all of this, but we all have to start somewhere. I’m finally happy. When this shows over though, I might be a little depressed but that’s okay. I will find something else to do. I am finally the happiest I’ve been."	cc
"broken heart i can not even describe how much my soul physically hurts, dealing with so much and then this? girls are heartless, anyone want to talk?"	sw
No point When my depression first started i never thought id digress to the point where im at now. I said to myself id never self harm but i just smashed all then knuckles in my right hand and cut myself on my arm and legs because i wanted to feel something thats not utter sadness i keep fantasizing about taking a hand full of pills or just taking my dads gun and shooting myself I feel like every second of living is agony  and i can quiet all the sadness if i kill myself i dont see a point in living anymore	sw
"Just looking to talk! Got some questions for everybody Just looking for some chill conversation and had some fun questions to tell me a little about you and what you're into. You can answer as many as you'd like!  *What music genres are you into? Say,your top 3!  *Where most in the world would you like to visit?  *What are your thoughts on space and aliens?  *What are your top 3 video games you've played in the last 3 years?  *What was your dream job as a kid? "	cc
"Do you think reincarnation might really exist? Maybe if I kill myself and I can be reborn with a better life. Attractive, charismatic, not a fuck up. I just want to be a different person."	sw
"Help me please. I'm a 20 year old man from the Netherlands, who is turning 21 in a few days. I've been dealing with depression for about 7 or 8 years now.  When I was a teen, my mother did not know how to deal with me because I used to be very hotheaded and hyperactive, which led to her and me having daily arguments. My father was almost always working, so he wasn't often there for me, and if he was home, he didn't want anything to do with his kids. My sister is a person I have trouble being around. She berates me for a whole lot of things I have very little control over (I'll state why later).  When my parents divorced, I quickly started to blame myself over it because I always fought with my mother and felt that I ruined their marriage. I was quickly starting to fail my last year in elementary school and ended up scoring way lower than the teachers expected me to score. Middle school was even worse as I quickly before the person to bully by my class and by a few others which only helped to destroy my already damaged self-esteem and self-worth.  By the time I was in middle school, my mother had a new husband, who was a very abusive person, both verbally and physically. He is now out of my life luckily, but he gave my mother permanent hand damage, he gave my sister a scar on her leg, and he damaged my shoulder and upper back. Whenever I wasn't fighting with my mother or step-father, they were fighting with each other.  I had to go to my father's every two weekends, and half the time during holidays. The first few times went well, where I actually spend time with him, but that all spiraled down once my step-mother came into the picture. I started to shut myself in because she was someone I had never seen before and I couldn't trust new people easily already. My depression gradually and steadily worsened around that time too, and none of my parental figures knew what to do with me. My mother and step-father argued with me all the time, while my father and step-mother didn't bother to ask me if I wanted to do anything and let me just stay in bed all day long. I even stopped joining them for dinner at one point.  When I turned 16, I was taken out of my home situation and I was put in a clinic so I could learn how to fend for myself (because no one had tried to teach me and I had literally no skills to do anything.) While I was at the clinic, I took a brain scan which revealed something about myself that worsened my self-worth even further: There was something wrong with my brain. For whatever reason, my brain is always overactive and takes up a whole lot of my energy, kind of like a burn-out. Over my whole life I got berated by literally almost everyone as lazy when it was actually a medical issue.  Fast forward some time and I was in court as a 17 year old because I originally wanted to remove any form of parental rights over my father because he didn't bother to do anything for me (because he didn't know what he could do), but the judge ultimately ruled for the opposite after asking me, which was that he was forced to seek contact with me.  Around that time, I learned that I am bisexual with a heavy preference for men, which I confided in my mother with her promising to not tell anyone. I quickly learned that that was the wrong choice, as not even after a week, everyone on my mother's side of the family knew about it. My sister literally wanted to cut off all contact with me for being lgbt, which she only didn't because her boyfriend told her to stop being so stupid.  This resulted in spiraling even further down into my self-loathing, and completely destroying my self-confidence and self-worth, and I was put on antidepressants. However, I was quickly taken off of them after telling them I started to see mental images of very gory self-mutilation.  When I turned 18, I was discharged from the clinic and now I live supervised in a home with 3 other people. My father had stopped contacting me completely the moment I turned 18, and by then my mother divorced her second husband. Fast forward 2 uneventful years of me trying desperately to get out of bed in the morning.  My grandmother on my father's side died, which resulted in me and my sister both regaining contact with our father. The contact between him and me is alright now, and I've stayed at his home for new years a few months back. The relationship with my mother is now okay again, and we don't fight as much anymore. However, that's pretty much all the good news that has happened.  My sister and I still barely have any contact, my mother and I barely have any contact, and even though my father and I are on good terms again, the contact is sparse. Financially I'm having trouble almost every month, as because of my brain problem, I'm unable to work, and I'm not eligible for a disability check, because ""I have worked in the past so I should be able to hold a job"", and now that I'm turning 21 in a few days, my alimony has stopped as well. I'm having more trouble than ever to try to get out of bed and go to bed at a reasonable time. I was put on a different brand of antidepressants, but I couldn't bother taking them anymore because they simply didn't do anything. I have one person on this world that I am able to really trust, and he lives on the different side of the earth.  I just don't know what to do anymore. I'm unable to allow people close to me and when they do, I mask my feelings without even thinking about it. I don't feel like I have a purpose to be alive on this world. I don't know if people say they care about me if they really mean it. I feel alone, abandoned, with no hope left. People tell me to ""look for a hobby to occupy yourself with"" but even that's out of reach for me when I get tired after doing groceries at a store 10 minutes away from my home.  I've ended my time with my psychologist because eventually she started berating me and telling me ""you need to start finding something to do during the day"" and ""you need to start working on a sleep schedule"" as if I don't understand that, and the professional therapist I would've gotten literally said the following works to me. ""You cannot be depressed because you said it with a smile"".  I think that I have no purpose on this earth and I'm beyond help. I've been tethering on the edge of ending it and be done with it for everyone's sake, or cling to the (almost) fake hope that someone will find me, pick me up and help me through my problems."	sw
"I believe we should all have the right to choose suicide I believe suicide should be a human right of the same importance as food and shelter. In a world where we are all repeatedly told how 'free' we are to do whatever we want, we are denied the freedom to choose whether we want to live that life or not. Every person should have the right to choose medically assisted suicide. It is nobody else's business to interfere with this person's choice, least of all the government.   I have a major problem with involuntary psychiatric treatment. A psychiatric hospital is no more a hospital than a prison. 'Patients' have not committed a crime yet are unable to leave and are forced to take medication. These people are being denied their freedom despite not being guilty of a criminal offence. Doing this 'for their own good' is immoral and unjustified. Who do these people think that are to decide what is best for another adult? It's a show of arrogance and ignorance as no man can say what is best for another against their will. If a man with terminal cancer can refuse treatment he should also be able to refuse psychiatric treatment.   It is wrong to say that a suicidal person is not thinking rationally and would regret their decision to commit suicide. It is not up to anyone else to determine the rationality of another's thoughts on this matter. While I agree some people who survived a suicide attempt are glad they did, many others regret failing or not attempting or would tell you they were happy to not be here anymore if they could.   Rant over.  I'd like to hear some other thoughts on this. "	sw
"Anyone else always look around while walking and make eye contact with a bunch of people? I'm not sure if people think I'm a weirdo because of this, since I end up making eye contact with a bunch of people while walking and I don't see other people doing the same (they somehow manage to stare straight ahead their whole walk)."	cc
"I don’t want to die I love life. Waking up refreshed, doing something selfless and nice, being appreciated and feeling good about yourself. I want to live but the pain’s too much sometimes. I’m trash and I don’t deserve life.   One day I could love someone. Maybe a girl or another guy. Maybe they’re people or intelligent robots, idk. I just have so much love to give but I don’t know how to give it and who to give it to. I want people to feel good but it’s hard for me to show affection.   It hurts knowing people love you only because they’re blind or feel morally obligated to. I want to earn love. That’s all I want :/  Everyone who reads through the posts here and tries to help others, I love y’all. I really do, but I don’t know how long I’m staying on this Earth for. This probably won’t be my last post but I just wanted to ramble some nonsense before I cry myself to sleep.   I hope you all find happiness. Peace ✌️ "	sw
I don’t want to do this anymore I’ve been struggling with depression and anxiety   Since my freshman year of high school. I made a plan to kill myself after I graduated high school but I backed out. I didn’t go to college right after graduation so I took a gap year. For that whole year I was depressed but I managed to workout everyday and I lost 40 pounds but I ended up developing an eating disorder I starved myself and only ate about 500 calories a day and sometimes less. According to my doctor I’m a healthy weight for my height but I feel so disgusting still. During my gap year I decided to go to community college because I felt like such a piece of shit for not doing anything even though I’m a horrible student and  it was part of the cause for my depression in high school . I’m 19 now and I’m finishing up my first semester in Community College and I fucking hate it. I’m only going because I feel like I have to. My heart isn’t in it at all  I’m on spring break right now and I go back on Monday. I’ve been drinking and crying for the past three days about it. I want to drop out but I don’t want to feel like a fucking failure. But I can’t do another year and a half of school. I knew my mental health would somehow get in the way of going back to school.   I’ve been having suicidal thoughts like crazy my depression hasn’t been this bad in a while. Everything seems pointless. I feel disgusting in my body I want to starve myself thin. I want to get blackout drunk and down all the pills I can find. life is fucking hard we all die anyway so why not take control of how and when you’re going to.	sw
Why is suicide highly discouraged? (This is a serious question. I am not stating that people should do this.) 	sw
"5 questions. I'm bored and can't sleep and would love to read your responses. If there's a story, even better.   1. best part of today so far? 2. how many people have you dated? 3. what's a fun fact about yourself? 4. favorite drink? 5. what's a cool thing to know a lot about?"	cc
"I want to go by a different name but seems too weird. I hate my actual birth first name, and unfortunately my last but there’s nothing I can do about that. I haven’t told anybody that I want to go by another name, bc I don’t know how. All my friends will probably laugh at me and my family will be like “What do you mean you don’t like your name”. I thought I’d be moving soon, so I thought I could tell everybody I meet to call me by my new name, but what would i do with my social media?"	cc
"Here’s my suicide note I'm sorry Isabel but this world is just not my place  I've tried for so long to fix this and fit in I've come to realize this world's full of sin There's nothing for me here, I'm just a waste of space I've got no reason to stay here with this awful race  It's a disgrace, I was misplaced Born in the wrong time and in the wrong place It's OK though, 'cause you'll see me soon You'll know when your time has come, just look at the moon  As it shines bright throughout the night And remember everyone's facing their own fight But I can't deal with the pain, I'm not a fighter You'll make it through the night, just hug your pillow tighter  So let the world know, that I died in vain Because the world around me, is the one to blame And I know in a year, you'll forget I'm gone 'Cause I'm not really something to be dwelled on  That's what they used to tell me, all those kids at school So I'm going by the law majority rules My presence on this earth is not needed any longer And if anything, I hope this makes you stronger  You're the best friend that I ever had Such a shame I had to make you so very sad But just remember that you meant everything to me And to my heart, you're the only one that held the key  Now it's time to go, I'm running out of space to write And yes I lost my fight, but please just hold on tight I'm watching over you from the clouds above And sending down the purest and whitest dove  To watch over you, and be my helpful eye So this is it, world, goodbye."	sw
"I want to kill myself. But I’m scared. Which makes me even more depressed knowing I have to live. I don’t know what’s been going on with me lately. I’m so fucking depressed and want to die. I mean I’ve pretty much felt that way since I was a kid but lately it’s been so fucking intense. My “best” friends visited recently and it made me realize how much they don’t even know the real me and if they did, they’d head for the door. The only people that ever really knew me are either dead, dead to me, or in love with someone else. I feel so incredibly alone. I’m currently sleeping with a man 20yrs my senior cause I couldn’t take the Loneliness. I think the whole thing has made me feel more alone though. I wish I could just run away and go traveling again, instead of being stuck in adulthood like I am right now. I’m so fucking stupid for convincing myself I am a normal person that can live a normal life. I need to be able to run away at a moments notice. So many people are terrified of not knowing the future or having no plan. The plans scare me. The responsibility and bills. I just want a full tank of gas and the freedom to go wherever I want on a moments notice. To owe nothing to anyone. To disappear.   Instead I’m stuck in my bed broke as fuck and miserable and missing people who are never coming back. I wanna die. But I can’t. "	sw
"25000 mg I'm lying on the couch debating with myself if I should take 25000 mg of acetaminophen and see what happens. I know I can stomach 35 pills, but can I stomach 50? I'd like to find out. Then I'd like to let it all sit, not freak out this time. How long would it take acute liver failure to set in? A few days to a week, I would imagine. Painful, but I'm not sure that I care about that. I would most likely die... am I okay with that? On one hand, help may be on the horizon. On the other hand, I feel more anxious and suicidal with each passing day. I'm starting to clam up again too. Maybe this time when I take the pills, I'll be able to keep my mouth shut."	sw
"Once again.. Once again, my dumb ass gives in and am the vehicle for others fun.  I know the problem and I’m  ready to nip this in the bud."	sw
"I'm about halfway through a deep clean and reorganise of my flat and damn, it feels good Things are finally getting better! I aced a job interview on Sunday and have a trial shift tomorrow, so I started deep cleaning the flat to get ready for when I go back to work.  I did a lot of heavy lifting which, with chronic pain, wasn't easy, but it feels so good to have things moved around and a fresh feel to the place, and I can actually get out my side of the bed now!  I'm about halfway done, it's just laundry and the cats room to get through now.  What do you guys do to motivate yourselves to clean and see it through? "	cc
"17 male and finna die Im 17 and am very lost. I have lost most my family in the past 2 years and have a not had a truly happy.day for years. No one knows how ""depressed"" I am. I just put on a happy face and play the day.   I'm thinking I'm going to put it to an end soon, but I don't want my mom or dad finding me dead.   I feel as if I'm to cowardly to do it. But I'm so lost and I know I need help. But I don't want my parents to know. I probably average 9 hours of sleep a week. My gpa has dropped from a 3.89 to a 2.23 and I am taking the SAT tomorrow, which I think I will blow off. It seems like I'm starting to care less, a lot less and becoming reckless. I don't know what to do. "	sw
"how do I kill myself without hurting my mom I want to die.  Nobody loves me but my mom.  I've tried to stay alive for her but it hurts too fucking much.  Every day I'm in pain and wishing God would just kill me.   But I don't want to hurt my mom. I love her so much and I don't want to cause her any pain, I just can't take this anymore. I don't know how to get her to understand. I wish I could just perfectly explain to her everything but she'll never get it cause she doesn't have my pain.  I can't bear leaving and having her hurt over me but at the same time, I really can't do this anymore."	sw
"I feel like I'm slowly warming up to dogs. Almost all of my life I've been scared of dogs. I love cats and most other animals but something about dogs always got to me. I felt like they were always on the verge of attacking me or something.   After a few good experiences and watching a lot of cute dog gifs on reddit, i think I'm slowly losing that fear. I still prefer cats, but dogs are alright too :)  What are your favourite animals? :) "	cc
"I've become afraid of the ""suburban"" lifestyle. Hey guys! Just wanted to see if anyone else felt this way or if anyone has suggestions for how to *stop* feeling this way. I grew up in a family who valued material success over pretty much anything else. In high school and college, I gravitated towards people who had the opposite mindset. Most of my friends (and my fiance) think of consumerism and material items as unnecessary at best and borderline evil at worst. They see no point in having ""nice"" things and are the kind who would be incredibly content living in a van, in the middle of the woods, or in an apartment with no furniture other than a mattress and a computer. I love the fact that my friends don't think material items are the purpose of life or the route to happiness, as I think a lot of people chase that only to find at 60 years old that it *didn't* create the happiness they wanted so badly... but I have begun to internalize their worldviews in an unhealthy way. Just like how in Christianity I found myself ashamed of sex and scared of intimacy because of how many times people talked of how bad it could be, with my friends I have started to become terrified of a suburban lifestyle where I have material things because of how it ""can't bring happiness"" and is ultimately ""meaningless.""   The reason this is an issue is that part of me *does* want to live a more suburban lifestyle. I enjoy luxurious things and think as long as I'm living within my means, that's perfectly reasonable. I want to be able to go to the mall to buy a new outfit or to the store to find nice furniture for my house without being plagued by a sense of guilt or embarrassment. I want to be able to create my dream nursery for my future children without feeling shallow and like I've become some kind of robot or cog in the machine. I'm afraid that if I start doing these things, I'll suddenly find myself very unhappy and bored or something. It's a strange flip from what I felt growing up.  Thanks for reading! Looking forward to an interesting chat about this."	cc
"All Alone ...and that's ok.  Not everyone has to be alone, some people like to be alone.  I might want to be alone, but I never like feeling lonely..."	sw
"Can't think of a title Here I am. No friends, no connections, no accomplisments, no skills, barely making any money. A person who has no intrinsic value, a spectre that only several people can see. And even those people I managed to fail. Barely talk to anyone, and when I do - feel like a total idiot or an exile. Cloudy mind. Thinking: ""I can't let myself be a burden to my family, I gotta do something"". But I don't know what. I just don't know. Everything I try to do fails. And I know it's my fault. Feel like a total disaster. Searching for the answers on the internet. They say go to a therapist. For what? To get admitted? At least that's how they ""help"" in my area. And I'm still stuck. But I don't want to search for the answers anymore. I know that no one can help. But I don't know how to help myself either.  I don't know why I am writing this here. I don't even read reddit. I don't fucking care if you'll read this to the end, I don't care if you even noticed this post. I write for me, because I have no one to talk to.  The End. Hope you enjoyed reading about some loser on the internet. Doesn't matter what happens after this post. You don't fucking care anyway. P.S. Fuck you."	sw
"Why is it that I want to die, and I'm in no rush to do it? I'm divorced and hanging on by a thread. I lack motivation in nearly every aspect of my life, and I don't feel like fixing it. Simple things seem to set me off the deep end, most times it's just anger and I can't get a hold on it. I'm holding on to two things.. I have a dog that needs me, and an ex that I want the best for. I don't feel a need to continue my struggle when those factors have taken care of themselves. It's sad and I know it, but I can't find the will. I just don't want to be in this world. I would slip off like a sick cat and no one would be any wiser to where I've gone, and that sounds really good to me."	sw
"I'm not sad as much as I'm just tired. So. Fucking. Tired. I've been feeling more down than before, even while being on meds. It feels like a relapse and it worries me and I really don't want to go through all this bullshit yet another time. I don't know what to do. I find myself thinking about pulling the plug, and actually doing research about it. I think the only reason I am not taking any further steps than that is because my gf is going through a lot of family issues and the last thing I want is to hurt her. How fucked up is that? I really don't want to live for my own sake, and I kinda wish I had no one whose sake I have to live for. Few things make me feel better, and those that do are fleeting, as warming and lasting as a match in the middle of a blizzard. I don't want to go on like this. It's so tiring."	sw
"Don't know what else to do. So my wife told me she's filing divorce papers as soon as she has the money. We have been separated for 2 months now and we were working on our marriage. Things were really looking up last week and we were doing great. Then I screwed up my dosage and missed a few doses of my Zoloft... I had severe anxiety over the weekend that lead to us fighting and me becoming very insecure. I accused her of cheating and hiding conversations in the secret messages on FB. Today she walked out on marriage counciling after I got upset when she said she didn't want to go any more. I just think I'm done with life. I just fuck up everything I touch. I can't make friends. I'm already screwing my kids up because I'm a shit father. I'm just so.tired of feeling this way. I thought I could be better. I thought I could fix things. But I can't, I never could and now I never will."	sw
"13 years of suffering, 2018 takes the cake The past 13 years have been tainted with mental illness. I've had diagnosis upon diagnosis and treatment, upon treatment.   From Anxiety to panic attacks to agoraphobia to major depression to general anxiety to adhd to borderline personality to obsessive compulsive personality to adjustment disorder. Nothing has ever lasted.  I'm exhausted  Ever since high school I feel like i've been stuck in this wheel of life repeating itself every 2-3 years for the past 13 years, but 2018 takes the cake.  In the last 3 months, my dog died, my boyfriend for the past 8 years dumped me just as we were finally planing to have kids, his idea, I was taken advantage of at work and I haven't been able to go back without crying all the time and now my mother has cancer (we just don't know how bad yet). Somehow the fact that I was to celebrate my 30th birthday this year makes it all worst, i'n not getting any younger and time feels like a waste...  My world is falling appart.  Then it doesn't help that i've been having these crippling neck pains. My whole face is painful from all my nerves extremities flairing up, the pain runs so deep that i've had tinnitus going on since October. I even did physio to the point of emptying my bank account without any lasting results.  I've been to the emergency twice, being scared of commiting suicide. Scared because I don't want to hurt my parents, they're helpful as much as they can. Because I don't want to hurt my little sister who is also struggling and looking up to me.   Because I don't want anybody find my me and have my mutilated body seared into their retina. Because a part of me still has hope, but to which price?   The price of living this life with all that emotional baggage of the past 13 years (and pilling up) is incredibly scary to me.  The price of wondering, will I ever be ok again? And if i'm not, it'll be only to die with a lifetime of regrets and lost moments because of all the crippling diseases that have taken over my life...  I'm slowly accepting that I am probably done here. I've had my best years and maybe it's time to cherish these memories of better days all while saying goodbye to these current terrible ones..."	sw
half...way...home... 5 q's! 1. what scares you?  2. where is the best place to go to next?  3. who's REALLY good at their job?  4. what keeps you grounded in the busy-ness of life?  5. who do you really think is beautiful?	cc
I might go for a walk to a tree I'm just playing fortnite alone on a saturday night. My dad left to sleep at a friend's house idk why but he seems upset. But since he's gone I have a chance. This time I hopefully won't get scared.	sw
"Watching myself throw my life down the drain. I am currently laying on my bed before I go to work tonight at my dead end, stress inducing restaurant job. It’s what I do every day, I lay here, smoke weed,or play video games until I force myself to  get up and get ready for work.  I am completely lethargic, I can’t bring myself to get out of bed some days. I worry my mother, who I live with again, because she will come home from work at 4 in the afternoon and I will be laying in my bed, sulking or doing absolutely nothing.   I started taking antidepressants for my anxiety and depression about 4 1/2 months ago, and for the first 3 months, they worked like a charm. Still, I’m almost completely relieved of my anxiety, but my depression has worsened.  I wouldn’t kill myself, but I have been putting myself into positions to make myself think there is no other way out.  For example, My car broke down a month ago in front of some random lady’s house, it’s still sitting there. Even though it’s most likely a belt or pump problem, I just can’t bring myself to fix it. I don’t want to have transportation, I want my life to go down the drain until I have no other choice but to end it myself.   I want to get better, I really do. I want to be able to enjoy my life and see a reason to keep going, but I just can’t. "	sw
"if I fucking die will people care about me Like my parnets will deny my depression, my friends will probably dont care anyways since they don't console me when I cry, I bet nobody will miss me, even if I kill myself everything will still be the same, the sun still rises, there's still stars, my school will still run as normal but better since I'm not in it anymore"	sw
"Just wanna ask everyone a few questions. How are you doing? Been having a good week? Any interesting plans this weekend? Got something you wanna say? Hit me with it lol 🤙 Sometimes people aren’t asked enough how they’re doing. If you don’t wanna say below what’s going on, more then welcome to slide into the DMs lol  Or maybe you just want some advice. I’m passionate about all kinds of things. I’m a professionally trained chef. "	cc
"If you were a deity, what items would you want left at your shrine? So far I think  I’d have:  Rose quartz, sapphire, flower petals, grapefruit rosemary candles, white fur, antelope skull, and cool teeth. Like shark teeth, lion teeth, etc. "	cc
Today is my last day at my current workplace and it feels like a series finale. This is the first time I'm leaving a job and I'm leaving on relatively good terms. Made a few friends here but it won't be the same because I won't see them on a daily basis.	cc
"I'm not really aching to kill myself but I'm struggling to find a compelling reason why not to kill myself I know the usual ""think of your family and friends that'll miss you"" but i keep thinking that they'll probably move on eventually, its just what people do. The argument that things get better doesnt hold much water considering how munch constant suffering there is in the world. Some volunteer probably told a whole classroom of impoverished African kids that one day they will grow up to be whatever they wished only to leave them and have half of them die of malaria a month later. Things didnt get better for them and neither did things get better for the girl that kept getting back to her abusive family by a social worker. You cant tell what the future holds and assuming its going to get better is just as naive as assuming its going to get worse.  I cant stop thinking about the afterlife and what would happen if i took my turn to die early. If there is a God like I believe (faith is very shaky at the moment) then i just get to meet him earlier than everyone else. If there isnt a God, then my suffering from depression isnt part of some grander plan and doesnt hold a higher value. People will forget who i am in 200 years whether i die now or live my natural life and end up on a deathbed 60 years from now.  I dont know what to do with myself. I keep assuming my friends dont want to be ny friends because i dont even want to be my friend. I know myself better than anyone and i cant find a way to reconcile the bad with the good to a point where I'm worth redemtion. They only see what I'm brave enough to show them and I know for a guarenteed fact that most of them will quickly turn away from me if they knew everything there is to know about me.  I'm just tired of feeling like I'm just on the verge of drowning, constantly gasping for air, too scared to let myself drown and too cowardly to make a swim for it. I'm going to see my counciler tomorrow morning (its midnight where i live) and i dont know if I'm  going to be able to really figure something out in the hour long session i get before he lets me go and talks to the next schmuck. I keep feeling like a passing memory and that my friends and family and acquaintences dont ever really think about me until I'm physically with them or actively talking to them. They're pleasent enough but I don't believe their love extends further than the immediate interactions i have for them.  Maybe one or two of them actually care about how I'm doing but i dont see them showing it outside of a simple ""how ya doin"" to alleviate their conscience to pat themselves on the back to say that they've done their part. Hell I even went out of my way to call my best friend on the night i was last planning on killing myself and straight up told him that i dont think he's ever gobe out of his way to make sure i was okay, and despite his promises that he's sorry amd is going to make the effort to check up on me from now on i still havent heard a goddamn thing from him in the lines of a checkup. All the promises of tackling life together from my friends get dropped days after making them and none of the concern extends past the momentary release of feel good chemicals they get from extending a helping hand.  I'm just so very tired. Of all of it. My past digs its claws into my to make sure im always dragging it around and my future is so amorphous that all the promises it makes lost their meaning, and as for my present? Well that's a castle built on shaky ground that is ready to collapse any moment.  Idk, it feels good to get this out of just my head but I'm so self defeating that im not sure I'd accept any real help because i dont feel I deserve it. Fuck it. I'm going to get a drink and have a shower. I gotta get as much rest as i can before tomorrow."	sw
"I just started a book club, and I think it's going really well! I'm mostly a total introvert, so this is pretty big for me. I'm disabled and stuck at home most of the time, with way too much free time on my hands. I've been wanting to start a book club for a while, so after some encouragement from my husband, I went for it! I thought it would be hard to get people involved, but I found about 8 friends to do it within a couple of hours. Everyone has already started the book and they're loving it. Our group text is blowing up and everyone can't wait to have our first gathering.   Is anyone else in a book club, and maybe have some tips?"	cc
"Not struggling with thoughts, but I'm pretty annoyed Doing nothing at all for already very long time.  The reason for that I don't find interesting doing thing I'm sure I can. And the problems that I'm not sure about my ability to solve I divide to lesser problems, which are solvable so the latter cases also become uninteresting. "	sw
"What’s your favourite album? It can be an album with some good memories attached to it, one that makes you feel good, or maybe just some good tunes. I’m interested to see answers that have deep personal reasoning - it’d be a nice contrast to the sort of thing you’d usually get in a music sub-reddit if you posed the same question. "	cc
"Oi, you insomniac fucks. What's keeping ya from sleeping?   I can't get this girl outta my head and my roommate is loudly cooking while singing. I fucks with Paramore, but still.    "	cc
"Some thoughts before I leave. Please hear me. This will be stream-of-consciousness. Thanks in advance for your patience in reading.  Can there really be free will? Do we really have choices?  I’m starting to think that everything we are and everything we will ever be has already been decided since we were born. Poor kids with abusive parents pick being gangmembers not because they chose to be “bad,” but because they were dealt a shit hand in life. You could even argue that the kids who grow up in terrible situations who try really hard in school and end up defying all odds to go to college had that in them all along. It was in their genes, in their biochemistry. Conversely, someone with privilege and financial resources who is beset by neurotic genes, an unattractive physique, conditional love from parents and peers, and a history of failed connections and lonely nights is forever screwed. And telling that person that they just need to try harder, or that they need to “choose to be happy” ends up doing more harm than good, since it puts the blame on them and compounds their neuroticism and self-hatred.  I have been given this analogy by a therapist: you are a cup, and your love is the liquid in the cup. If you seek external love and support without loving yourself first, you can only give a small amount of liquid, since there isn’t much there at all. But if you learn to make self-love a habit, your cup will fill and eventually overflow, allowing the people around you to receive your love without sacrificing the love you need to give yourself. But to that I respond, what if your cup is so empty that you don’t even have enough love to motivate yourself to start trying to love yourself? The way I see it, at a certain point, external intervention is the only solution.  My problems are a Catch-22: in order for me to receive unconditional love from other people (which is a human need, like air/food/water), I need to have already received love in order to have the confidence to show my true and relaxed self to the world and to give people the attention that they enjoy. So, I can’t get what I need without already having what I need.  I have several friends who, when I confided in them about my problems, tried to empathize with me by saying, “I used to be where you are.” But how did their story improve? For one friend, a beautiful girl was interested in him in early adolescence, and they had a long and intensely enjoyable relationship. He then had lots of love in his cup, and he has never wanted for sexual/romantic partners since. She “saved” him.   Another friend hadn’t ever even kissed a girl until college. But that changed when he discovered alcohol and went out to bars and got shitfaced. He ended up in sexual situations without remembering how he got there. And he also eventually met his longtime girlfriend that way. They hit it off while he was sloshed. My conclusion, then, is that for some of us, there is no way to realistically solve our problems by ourselves. They are just too insurmountable. Some outside intervention is necessary.  Now if you’re thinking, “well, it’s only insurmountable because you’re telling yourself it’s insurmountable,” trust me, I’ve been there. I have spent years trying to resist the entropy within myself. The problem is, it never gets easier if your external world doesn’t meet you halfway. It never get easier. Every day is hard, and there is only so much hope one can have before they are completely overcome with despair. I am rounding the cusp and peering over the cliff into the void.  Death terrifies me. The idea of my consciousness and my story being silenced forever is so confusing and horrifying to me. But I am between two piles of shit, and I want to pick the one that will smother me sooner.  I don’t even know if I’ll be able to go through with it. If nothing changes by the time my parents die, I’ll go find a cliff. Somewhere beautiful and quiet. And I’ll call everyone I can think of to say goodbye. And it will finally be time to end my story and face the unknown. But I really don’t know if I’ll be able to go through with it. When I think about that fear and the possibility that suicide might not be a solution for me either, I feel so claustrophobic and like I’m backed into a corner with no escape. Life is truly hell.  One more counterargument. If you’re thinking to yourself, “you just need to wait. It’ll get better, I promise,” you may be right! It’s hypothetical, who knows. I’m sure that there are plenty of people out there who have had sad endings, but maybe I would be one of the lucky ones! But here’s the thing: how long do I have to wait? This argument worked when I was in high school, but it’s almost a decade later, now. I’m rotting. And if you gave me the choice between 40 more years of suffering in exchange for 20 years of happiness when I’m old and my body doesn’t work anymore and the people who I’m attracted to are even less interested in me than they used to be, I’m not so sure what I would pick. As of now, I’m thinking I would pick the cliff.  Here’s another way to look at it: would you tell a dying plant that they need to try harder or change their mindset? No! You’d give them some fucking water!  Thanks for reading. I want to love you. But I don't have it in me anymore. I'm a shell."	sw
"I just made the best eggs I’ve ever tasted in my life and everyone else is asleep and I have nobody to share this glory with No recipe, just some eggs, some cheese, some spices, and a wee bit of spicy mayo that I have no idea the origin of but it was in my fridge. Really considering waking my roommate up just to make him try a bite"	cc
ugly girl looking for an ugly people support group 	sw
"I went to a float tank and got a call from my dead mother. What are your experiences? I’ve tried float tanks 3 times now. It’s also called a sensory deprivation tank for those who clicked this not knowing and I highly advise giving it a chance.    My first time was “meh” because I couldn’t get in the zone. The second time was way better but the third I came out smiling and crying. I figured eventually I would have one of those moments. I figured right.   I know it sounds crazy but I heard her voice. She died in a horrible car accident in 2013 and was chiming in to my session to let me know she was safe. I told her I knew. She then told me how proud of me she was. The connection was spotty but again I told her I knew. True to the way my mom was she apologized for interrupting my session, knowing I couldn’t totally zone out with her there. We said goodbye. About ten minutes later (I may have actually said this out loud) I could tell she was still there, “mooooooom!” , she laughed “alright, alright. I’m going!”  <3  Just curious what experience others have had. "	cc
"Recovering addict. No reason to live. After abusing fentanyl through my teens and being unable to count on my hands the number of overdoses ive had Im still here. Why? I got on the methadone program to save my life and have been on it for a year and its just sucked the life from my body. I tried NA. Did well in it but ended up with enemies with everyone there. I have no old friends because they're all users or are from a long time ago like grade 9 and it would be weird to contact them. I'm basically lonely and done feeling like a zombie. Life is a chore. I tried to kill myself earlier last month by taking enough xanax to fall asleep in the snow, only to be found hours later with severe frostbite. A month later im out of the hospital and i tried to cut open an artery. I wasn't very successful as they released me and I'm here today. But tomorrow morning i get 7 methadone bottles and i have 100 xanax. It would be a peaceful way to go. And wouldnt fail this time. Just a final goodbye to whoever cares enough to read this Luv u mandy"	sw
I really want to do it But I can’t work up the courage to step off the chair. 	sw
"College Social Life Hey everybody,  I'm sure reddit has seen many of these posts, but I'm lacking a social life in college. I'm currently a second year at a UC.  I think part of it is that I opted out of living in dorm last year and lived in the on-campus apartments. I did plenty of research last year for some suggestions. I joined multiple clubs, even became board of a social club but it is inactive and no effort is put in by any of the other members and I don't have the time to do all the work for the club. I meet a lot of people in my classes but it doesn't go beyond the classroom. I rushed a fraternity during my first year and after the first two days I really did not feel like it was right for me. If I continued I would be completely faking my personality. Other than that, I'm pretty studious, I intern 8-10 hours a week but I still have a lot of free time.  Does anyone have any suggestions? I'm not incredibly desperate or sad about my social life, I just feel like it would be nice to have some people to hang out with. I realize that college really does only happen once and I don't want to look back and only remember the grades I received and the exams I took."	cc
"Heyo I'm taking a chill out session I'm tryna watch Cloverfield, but my mind sucks and I keep feeling things around me.  I know it's fake, but still.  I'm not all that great with horror or thrillers movies.  And I'm alone, so that makes it worse for me lol  So whaddya guys got going on?"	cc
Reddit April Fools Event? A day to go until April Fools! Last year was the amazing idea with a small canvas where users could only change a pixels colour once every 5-10minutes. This created groups and subreddits and was incredible to watch! I cannot wait for what they have in store this year... What do you guys think will be the event? Im giddy and it hasn't even started !!!	cc
Tomorrow it'll be 3 weeks since I tried to run away and kill myself I know it was stupid to think I'd get away with it but I can't deal with this shit anymore. My mind is constantly racing and I can hardly think straight enough to answer questions from councillors. I just hate this stupid world I'm stuck in. It will be such a relief when it's eventually over	sw
"I'm pretty much worthless. Warning: Foul language  Hello. Name's Stanley. I'm 17. I'm also black. AND a conservative with libertarian leanings; I support Trump on a lot of issues. And please, for the myriad of God's sakes, don't think I'm a troll, because there ARE black conservatives. But the mainstream media won't tell you that fact unfortunately. It just so happens that I get usually get lambasted by black liberals for selling out or alt-right wingers for pretty much not being in a highly superior race and be seperated with their ethnostate.  So much for love and tolerance, am I right? On the Internet, I'm pretty much treated like I'm a piece of shit on both political sides even if I'm being nice...but this is the goddamn Internet, I came to realize. Comment sections on YouTube is now the most toxic and putrid than it has ever been due to the political climate, and look, I get freedom of speech, but for some reason, I take these retorts to heart and for that, I get more depressed and question my own purpose in life......An Uncle Tom/Shitskin who offers no life value than obstruction...and I do get As and B's (mostly A's if I ever get an A in Honors Geometry) if you're wondering... I get it if none of this drivel makes sense. My position in the political spectrum and my skin color means null and void.  For validity: http://www.imagebam.com/image/d43215808148073"	sw
"i might as well kill myself, mum doesn't want me around anymore it comes to something when i can't enjoy my mum's own birthday without causing hassle."	sw
"I’m afraid of failing I want to kill myself, I’m goddamn sure no one else would miss me. My parents have another smarter, more successful child, my boyfriend is popular with women and could replace me in an instant. And friends? What’s that? However, I don’t want to fuck it up and end up in some mental hospital being treated like a psycho.   I’ve already failed pretty much everything. My grades are shit, and I’m headed nowhere in life but the drive through window at a shitty fast food chain. There’s not a single college that would want my uninvolved, lazy ass.   At one point I had dreams. I wanted to travel, and teach English to grade school students in another country. But I think I’d be doing the future generations a favor by leaving the world before they’re born.  But back to my main point. I’m going to fail my suicide attempt, just like everything else. I’ll survive pills and hanging and probably be the “lucky” .01% to survive a bullet through the brain (though I don’t have access to a gun). I’m going to end up not getting what I want and revealing to my peers who I really am. What I really think about when I’m smiling and awkwardly trying to converse with them. They’ll all know I’m a fucking mentally ill freak.   I can’t talk to a suicide hotline, because talking to strangers is my worst nightmare. I especially couldn’t let a stranger know my darkest thoughts. My failures. Things not even my family knows. Besides, years of therapist after therapist haven’t done jack shit. Why would some phone call do anything?  Honestly, I’m home alone for the next hour or so. I could slip away pretty quietly. I’m not even scared of dying at this point, I’m scared of surviving. I don’t want to be fixed anymore. I just want to pet my dog one last time, and peacefully fall asleep."	sw
I finally have an opportunity I wanted to kill myself a few weeks ago but the cops were called and my parents have kept a close watch on me since. But tomorrow I finally will be home alone for a few hours. I guess I just felt like I needed to tell someone. Thanks for listening. I’m sorry.	sw
"I just got gold 7 times and I have no one to share the excitement with So yeah, title says it all I guess. I just made a joke on some random subreddit and got gold. That's cool in itself, but I had some questions about gold so I went to the elite gold-only subreddit r/lounge and asked a question. Go to sleep, wake up the next day with 21 reddit notifications and 6 of them are messages telling me someone gave me gold. I don't even know what to do with all of this. [pic if anyone is interested](https://imgur.com/a/4zpx8)"	cc
"Finally, almost at wits end, I got my 3D printer working. I’ve been trying for 3 months now to get it working, and my first prints we’re a success! I’m telling you, when you have one part not work forever, almost ready to throw in the towel and get professional help, and it finally clicks, it’s pure ecstasy. Still have trouble with more complex models, but I’ll hopefully sort that out in the future. What gave you guys that extra bump of feel good today?"	cc
"Since A.P. Bio targets the IFC/Adult Swim demographic, NBC should fuck with everyone by airing the unannounced fake spin-off ""Heather"" alongside its time slot. Just like the title says, if NBC is trying to act all cool with the trope-defying ""Bad Teacher"" gender flip, they should back that street-cred up with something really unexpected and WTF-worthy.  A half-hour devoted to the happenings in and around the life of Heather and her creeped out family would fit the bill.  They could shoot it alongside regular show production and just throw it out there unexpectedly.  Maybe even let it run for an episode or three and then just silently take it away.  That would be hilarious."	cc
Philly is murdering the Cavs Wtf is going on. Not a Cavs fan but got mad respect for Lebron. But this shit is a joke they playing like they got weights on the ankles right now. Lebron missed that one dunk shot when he had the whole rim to himself with nobody around when he ran from one side of the court to the other..... I'm like wth. Philly just making 3 after 3 after 3s.	cc
I hate being aromantic I want to just die because 95% of people move the other way and I'm the bad guy. I went to r/aromantic and they are just bullies.	sw
"I took 3 different career tests and they all offered the same “ideal” jobs I’ve been in Marketing/Advertising for about 7 years but never finished my college degree, so I’m thinking of going back now. Decided to take a career assessment and then 2 more to see if they’d just give random job recommendations.  Sure enough, all 3 gave me Marketing (go figure), Finance, and technology related stuff like QA and testing.  Did you ever take one of these? What’d you get? "	cc
"Community Conversation: Easter Fools Hey and welcome back to our 7^th community thread! Every week, we'll have a new topic.   ##This week is ""**Easter Fools**"".  *Some questions to get us started:*   - What are your Easter plans? - What do you love about Easter?  - Do you go egg hunting? - How often do two significant days land on the same day, like Halloween and Friday the 13th? - What do you loathe about April Fools? - Pranking anyone, if so whatcha doin? - Ever been pranked on in the past, what was it?  --- If you would like to suggest an idea for a future Community Thread, post it as a reply to the stickied comment below.  See past threads, user made thread & learn more about scheduled threads [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/CasualConversation/wiki/schedule)!  Remember to keep it civil and on topic and respect your fellow users :)  --- ^(If you have any sub related questions or concerns, please direct them to our) [^modmail.](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FCasualConversation#mods)"	cc
"How can I convince my mother vaccines ain't bad? My mother has always believed vaccines are bad. She doesn't even believe they cause autism, she just is stubborn and always believes in the craziest things. She doesn't have arguments of why they are bad. "	cc
"Revisiting 90s shows and cringing hard I'm watching mainly 90s shows and movies that I never particularly enjoyed, for reasons beside the point, but that felt like totally normal, weekday afternoon programs to watch with the family while growing up. I know there's a lot of generational shock for certain things that make you go, ""Could you imagine if this was done today? People would bash them!"" but the 90s were yesterday, and I'm surprised to find myself cringing every 20secs. Has it happened to you lately? What are your thoughts on it?   As specific examples, I'm feeling that way right now with Married with Children. Also rewatched an episode of Friends recently, where Joey's new female flatmate's taste in decoration was causing him to ""become a woman,"" starring lines worthy of /r/terriblefacebookmemes.   As a side note... holy crap, am I glad that the quality of TV shows has improved so tremendously in the past years. Don't get me wrong, there's amazing oldies out there, but sheesh, ""family TV"" was a nightmare."	cc
"Life is just too much I don't know how to take it My only reason to live is because a fucking video game I like is getting an update soon. That's fucking it. I have some stupid hope that that update will be the thing that magically makes me happy and gives my life meaning.  I'm so fucking pathetic.  You know what's going to happen when that DLC comes out? I'll play it for a few hours and realize that my life is still shit. I'll realize that I'm still worthless garbage who is just a drain on society. I'll realize that all I contribute to the world are memes I took two minutes to make and regurgitations of tired jokes. I'll realize that that will never change and that it would be better for everyone if I just died.  I'm still thinking of how I'd do it. There are some good options. My mom's gun, the train track within walking distance...  I'm shit. My life is shit. I make everything shit."	sw
"What's the best road trip (or trips, if you can't decide) you've ever been on? I shared mine within Hi guys!  I'm feeling like reminiscing and I welcome you all to join me. I'd love to hear about all of your greatest adventures on the roads of the world.  And spare no details :D  My favorite roadtrip is between one of these three:  1. Chicago to Portland, through Canada. We went up to Bemidji State Park in Minnesota in ten hours, made camp and canoed the next day. Then we were at Winnipeg, Manitoba, and I played drums at a really cool blues jam. Then we crossed the continent, and during that time was probably the most at peace I've ever been in my life, driving over the Continental Divide. When we hit Banff, we were floored at how beautiful it was. We spent three days camping in different places around there, went to a party in Vancouver, and then hung out in Portland for five days being ents and playing more music.  2. All the same guys on the first one swam in every single great lake in 8 days. We went Chicago, Minneapolis, Thunder Bay, and then 2 days of camping, Toronto, and then we played a house party in Niagara. That was amazing.  How about you all?"	cc
"I cant live for life  Everything I do to try and get better just ends up making me feel worse.  About a month ago I was extremely depressed, slept till noon every day, didnt go to class ever.  Now I work out and go to class daily and everything in my life has gotten worse.  Now to reach the level of happiness I was at when I wasnt active I need to work out and go to class every day.  If I don't do that I feel worse than I've ever felt in my life... way worse than I felt when I wasn't active.  It's like I improve something in my life, I try to appriciate and enjoy the progress I make, but after a few days my rotten mind gets used to this new lifestyle and now I need to maintain that lifestyle just to feel ""normal"".  And by normal I mean as depressed as I've always been.  I want to kill myself every day.  The only thing stopping me is that I know that whatever I do to improve my life (including ending it) will always make my life worse.  I don't believe in a higher power because if I were to believe in god I would also have to believe that he wants me to suffer more than most, and I don't want to believe that I deserve that, but its probably true.  I'm probably not going to do it tonight but I'm almost positive that that's how I'm going to go out. "	sw
"I went to a concert by myself last night. and it was one of the best decisions I've made in a long time. I was super nervous about being there alone and almost backed out of going all together. But, I forced myself to go and I had an amazing time just letting the music wash over me, it was a great experience. "	cc
"I'm exhausted and alone I've been searching ways to kill myself and I ended up here. I don't know, but I thought writing on this platform would actually expose to people who understand.   I've been suffering from anxiety and depression for 9 years now and possibly BDP.  I can't afford to see a psychiatrist or a therapist. i go through things alone and no one is ever there for me.   I  really wanna die "	sw
"Something strange happened and I don't have an explanation. I should tell that I used to be suicidal three years ago. Now I am not. I do the work I love, etc. I woke up few minutes ago and I remember walking up to the terrace. Then next thing I remember was I was climbing on the ledge. I backed out immediately. So I woke up and tried to jump all subconsciously? I don't even know why my body did that."	sw
"I took the first step in my plan today.. Here's a little bit of back story first.    Basically, I had a kid, and i asked my parents to take guardianship. I was in a bad relationship and stupidly put his name on the kids birth certificate. He's a domestic terrorist, and gets supervised visitation. And hasn't even tried to see the kid in a little over a year. So my first step is making sure that my parents fully adopt this kid, so that he can never get any kind of rights. Since my parents have been saving up money I thought now would be a good time to call our lawyer and figure this out.  I know it'll probably take all year, but that's all part of the plan.   I started a job where I work 96 hours a week, and i make close to 4k a month. What I'm going to do is work, save up money and once I kill myself I'll have all the money I owe my family in envelopes with the letters I'm gonna leave them.  I owe my parents about 3k, and i owe my grandparents about 12k. If I end up making more than that, I'm gonna try and leave the rest to my sister (the child I had).  I plan on getting a doctor to perscribe me the medicines I want, or really anything for that matter. Cause it dosnt actually matter what it is, cause if you can take enough of it, you should die.  I also plan on taking this time to snoop around and find a way into my grandpa's gun safe, and take his pistol. Just in case I feel like the pills arnt getting me anywhere. I'm debating on if I want to do it on a Facebook live post or just keep it low-key so nobody ruins it for me..  To be honest I've been planing this for like 6 months if not longer. I genuinely feel that I'll finally be a good person if I kill myself. I'll stop ruining everything for all the people around me.  I've wanted to die for over 10 years now. I feel like this is basically the best time for it. My life has already been at rock bottom and i still keep finding ways to make the hole deeper. I don't see a real point in being alive, I'm only going to make people hate me. All I do is fuck everything up. So why keep wasting everyone's time?"	sw
"I'm messed up. For as long as I can remember I have lashed out at people who probably care about me (excluding family, my family doesn't know) out of fear of being someone that is disposable in their lives. In other words, I give people a reason to leave so that I'm not surprised when they do. I regret every word I say but they just keep coming.  As a first year student in university I made a large group of friends and had a particularly close relationship with one of those friends - we spent countless nights getting to know each other and so many personal details about each other, and we were basically inseparable. This person has since become the fourth person in as many years who decided that they were bored of me after I became emotionally dependent upon them. Since this happened, I have spent the last couple of months of my first year at university personally attacking all of my friends that I made here. Now I know everyone is sick of me and no matter how badly I want to apologize, every time I think to do so a fear so strong grips me and I can't help but to lash out again anyways. What is wrong with me? I care so deeply about all of these people and yet I continue to drive them away. Why do I do this to myself? I hate who I am. I hate having to live with myself. I thought I had gotten over my depression and had recovered completely from my first suicide attempt several years ago, but I'm back to regretting every morning that I wake up, every night that I survive instead of passing away in my sleep. I don't want to deal with me anymore, I haven't wanted to in years but the fact that not even going to school in a different country has changed how horrible I am convinces me that I don't deserve to be here anymore. "	sw
"I’m leaving for Paris on Saturday and feel super underprepared. My boyfriend of three years and I are going on a ten day trip to Paris. We leave on Saturday which is in less than five days. We live in the US and neither of us have ever left the country before.  I feel extremely overwhelmed by the amount of stuff we have left to do. To make matters worse, I injured my knee running about a week ago and it has progressively gotten worse.  I went to the doctor today and they gave me a knee brace and said I need to not be walking as much for about a week.   I always dreamed of traveling as a kid, but it just seems very stressful now. "	cc
"I Got The Internship! (Software Engineering) I applied and got my first interview at a software company and was super nervous about being accepted. However, a week after the interview I got a call asking if I could do full-time in the summer for 16 dollars an hour! I'm 25 and that's more than I've ever made in any job let alone internship and I am just super excited to get started with my life as a software engineer. I was starting to have major doubts about if I would be able to make it in the field because I was so busy with school. I'm just super excited and have to tell everyone because this is a big part of my life."	cc
"I am finally coming out of my mental illness bubble and am trying to advocate for mental health awareness I have been suffering from depression and anxiety for a long period of time. I am finally coming outside of this bubble. I do feel like I am way behind my peers in terms of progress, but I'll try to make the most of my life at college.  I am now a member of a mental health awareness club at uni. Our aim is to come up with events to increase everyone's understanding of mental disorders. I know this is only for my college, but I'll love to hear the ideas of other people too so feel free to share your thoughts here!"	cc
Goodbye unfair world. I wished things were different. Last post. Hanging myself now.	sw
"Phobias and mental health worries too strong. My hypochondria triggered a manic episode a few days ago, and I can't see a doctor for the problem I'm anxious over until April 16th. I've lost 6 lbs from not eating, I can't sleep for longer than 3-4 hours, and I'm getting all the other fun side of agitated mania with soaring levels of anxiety and fear + delusions and hallucinations.   I'm so terrified. My body is tense all the time. I broke up with my boyfriend yesterday out of manic frustration and energy with the notion that I was going to die soon. The worst part is I don't even know if my death will be a suicide or from my own body. I'm just scared, scared, scaaaared all the time. Massive panic attacks are becoming the norm for me and I don't know if I'm going to be able to make it April 16th just to quell what might be a minor issue. The mania isn't helping.  My therapist highly recommended I go to the ER/psych hospital if my symptoms become strong again, and I can feel that tonight is going to be a very hard night, but I don't think I have it in me to ask the person around me for help when it's midnight and they're aware I lose my shit over small things due to severe anxiety.  Thanks for reading. I know to them and everyone else I just look like a neurotic girl that's crying over spilled milk, but it feels like the end of the world to me."	sw
"Eden Lake Have you seen this movie?  I watched it last night and despite the inclusion of Mr Fasbender I found it rather, well, wanting.  I'd be interested in hearing your views. Also recommendations for other movies I can watch."	cc
"So my finals are in 3 weeks... ...and I feel like a bum. Maybe from being burnt out from working, personal troubles and of course studying. So just ask something and I'll respond to kill some boredom..."	cc
"Should I backtrack a little here? Am I applying to the right jobs? I’m a new grad and I’m applying to admin assistant jobs that pay 50-65k a year (live in a major US city). When I was in college, I interned as a program assistant at a campus organization, had one leadership role in a student group, and had a research position with a mentor. That’s basically what’s on my resume and I feel underprepared compared to a lot of other new grads, especially since my positions were in relaxing, chill, and very forgiving environments. I regularly talked and texted with my boss about stuff unrelated to work. I didn’t have a set schedule because it was a student job so I made my own and it was never full time, probably 20 hours a week.  Anyway, I’m getting called back for interviews from those 50-65k jobs. That’s a lot of money to me, especially for an entry level admin position. I’m afraid they’re going to expect a lot out of me and based on my work history, I’m underprepared. I have a FaceTime interview with the senior Vice President of one of these companies tomorrow. I’m definitely freaking out right now.  Should I stop applying to these jobs? I see a lot of admin jobs that pay $16-18/hr that I’ve been skipping over. But deep down I feel I should take these lower paying jobs first, maybe in a temp position, to test the waters before I get a “big girl job”. What do you think?"	cc
"Am I a bad example? I am lucky. I landed wonderful a job in the field I studied. I have a very good, stable, well paying job. It is not a typical set up for my field (design). I have two younger siblings who have both deviated their studies (elementary education and architecture) to follow a path of design. Now, if that's really what they want to do, that's cool, but I don't know how to explain that the position I'm in is not normal, especially the market I'm in (smaller town), they are in an even smaller town than the one I live in.  I'm afraid I'm setting an example of ease. It took me 7 years of hard work (college + working for 3) to get my butt in this modern cream leather chair in my own office with my stupid fern. Neither of them have an interest in art, not one art class, art history, theory, appreciation, nothing. I don't really know what point I'm trying to get at, I just don't want them to be disappointed choosing a path they're not that interested in because they think it's easy to be successful.  Thanks if you made it this far. I don't really have anyone I can talk to about this. I just needed to tell someone that I'm worried about them."	cc
"who cares anyways I have no friends and my family doesn't seem to care. I harm myself to make myself feel better, but it's just not enough. I'm constantly spied on by my parents, I have no trust from them even though I've done nothing to make me lose it. I don't leave the house. I'm nearly an adult and yet I'm still treated like a child, though I don't feel as if they care. They know I harm myself, yet nothing is done. Therapy doesn't work. Nothing does.  I don't even know why I'm writing this, I don't know if I'll ever get the guts to end it. Maybe. I'm not sure. I'm just numb. I hate myself. I'm a failure as a child. I don't even see any possibility of it getting better or of me having a decent future. I don't see a point in going on. I just wish someone would care, because I sure don't."	sw
Turn my negative energy into something positive!! Earlier today I phoned up my pharmacy to refill my prescriptions and for some reason they were having trouble putting it through and said I didn't have coverage or whatever. Now it's not really a huge deal I'll figure it out tomorrow however for some reason it put me I a really bad mood and I was super angry for no good reason.   Now usually I try to do something to change my mood like painting or going for a run so that I'm not marinating in anger all day or act like a jerk around people. It doesn't always help but most of the times it does.  Anyways today I remembered that I had promised to do a painting for one of my friends from work who is moving before she left. So I went and finished the piece over the last two hours and I've done a complete 180! In so happy now it's like the shit this morning didn't even happen.  I'm so happy that I channeled all that negative energy into making something positive and was able to swing my mood around! I'm also so excited to show to my friend!  It might seem like something little but I just really wanted to share it with everyone I could and talk about what other people do when they are feeling down that helps change your mood or mindset. I'm always looking for stuff to change that anger into something more positive so hit me up with what you do!	cc
"What’s your favorite empowerment/pump up songs? Hi guys! Yesterday I had a conversation with my boyfriend about what we were going to do after graduation, and we had different opinions. Basically, I want to keep going and he doesn’t. We still have a month and we’re not breaking up until then. However, I’m going through my own breakup emotions right now, so I’ve turned to the one thing that never lets me down: music.  I’m not asking for advice on my relationship, but instead I wanna know what songs empower you or pump you up! I’ve been looking for songs that are about getting over men, but I’d love to hear about your songs that just make you feel better, that you use to workout, that you listen to before playing in a game or performing, whatever!   As an example, my usual pump-up song is N*ggas in Paris by Kanyé and Jay-Z, but currently I have Sorry Not Sorry by Demi Levato on repeat. "	cc
"How many of you watched this piece of wonderful media growing up? If there is one cartoon I miss to the center of my being, its Code Lyoko. It was my life as a kid. seeing such a fresh story with lovable characters just resonated with me. Even the goddamn opening song was beyond amazing."	cc
"What were ""the best years"" for you? I'm in college. My father just came home and told me how college is pretty much the best time of your life and you should use it.  Now I don't think I'm having the best time of my life and I sincerely hope I'll have better times. I'm 90% sure what he said was bullshit and any time can be great, but it still left me with an off mood and I'm kind of worried/sad now regardless.  On that note: How old are you and what were your ""best years"" so far? Do you think you peaked in life or have you not begone peaking yet?  EDIT: I kind of made this post to self meditate, discuss and reflect on my situation but the more I talk about it the more nervous I get about it all. I'll try to respond but honestly I think it's for my own interest to just shut myself off everything and try to be more optimistic. Thank you for any answer, I'm sorry for such a reaction in a conversation subreddit :/"	cc
"Regretful goodbye In about 30 minutes to a hour I’m gonna have to commit suicide. If you wanna know why read my previous post. It’s just so unfortunate it has come to this I have no other option left. I really don’t want to do this but it’s something I’m gonna have to do. Everyday it seems like the universe wants me gone, it just keeps giving signs. I’m so sorry for all the others that are going through similar troubles, I wish you good luck. "	sw
"I am so behind American 18 year olds I turned 18 not too long ago, and I gotta admit I'm pretty ignorant about a lot of things. Including how 18 year olds live in America. But from what I read on reddit, a whole lot of them move out after their 18th birthday of their own volition (or are pressured by their parents to) and pay for their own tertiary education.  This is so unimaginable to me! There's no way I could find a job that would let me do that with a high school qualification, at least not realistically. I imagine my grades would suffer horribly working *and* going to school. My pre university course is killing me as is.  I do keep a list of addresses of friends and people I trust as well as possible places to work at just in case, but I'm in no position to confidently and comfortably do everything myself.  Honestly, respect to all the American/European teens out there. That's brave. "	cc
"I am done. I hate myself I am STRONGLY considering taking my life tonight. I will OD on drugs most likely or just go into the woods and starve to death.  sry for the long rant and lack of proper formatting   I am basically lying in bed all day every day and rotting my life away for YEARS now.. I have thoughts on my mind 24/7.. my mind is racing yet I am feeling dull and nothing affects me.. my whole life has been a waste.  I feel like nothing is real, nothing interests me, nothing excites me, I don't have any life energy left inside of me. I am not a person anymore, just an empty shell devoid of any real life.. my heart and organs may function, yet my brain constantly is fogged and poisoned with bad thoughts.  I have been alienating all my friends, my family is broken, and I have never had a girlfriend ever and I wont at this point. It is impossible. I am a short person at 172cm and my personality is a complete mess. That is what 15+ years of being depressed can do to you. I am such a different person to who I used to be.   I am deeply unhappy with every single cell of my being. I was always obsessed about my looks going to the gym and watching my nutrition, but for what? I was always unhappy in my own skin, I could never satisfy my standards, I always wished I was someone else.. I wanted to live, I just never wanted to live my own life. Nowadays I just don't want to live, no matter what.  I am a narcisst and I am my own worst enemy.. I dread every day, I can't even watch movies or read or do anything.. I just stare at the wall and sleep, wake up, sleep again.   I have no dreams left. I am rapidly getting older, I realize my best years have been all a waste, I have nothing to look forward to, I should have taken my life years ago already, but I am a coward as well. I dont want to live yet I dont want to die, I just want to be DEAD without the process of having to die.    I have been fighting every day to somehow reach my goals of making at least a bit of money through different things.. and then I lost almost all of my money the last week, while I was blackout drunk. Or maybe it got stolen. I am 32 years old and I am a complete mess at this point. I am ashamed of myself, so I will always tell lies about my life to people that don't know me very well.  Nothing ever goes right.   I accept that. I mean we are animals after all, there is no guarantee of living a happy life or even a mediocre life. I guess I was stupid enough to somehow believe this hollywood good ending story shit growing up, or that really bad stuff can somehow don't affect me.. maybe a positive optimism but in my case it was delusional. I never worked on myself after it was all too late, I never got any help, I always repressed everything, I was always too scared to to anything about my problems which were well-known to me at a younger age already, however I just repressed and repressed and hoped everything would magically get better in some way.. or maybe I didn't hope it would get better and actually just didnt give a shit and with my passive agression against myself, I was constantly sabotaging myself to the point where I am at now. I hated myself deep down even when I was a kid. I feel like I deserve this shitty life after all.  I guess at the same time, weirdly enough, I felt entitled to having a good or at least average life, because growing up I never had to work in school to pass exams and even in university I never had to really work much to pass my exams. I am disgusted by my own entitledness to be honest. I am a twisted person. I don't even understand myself fully.. but I know I am a coward. Some people from poorer countries would love to trade places with me, I have a healthy body, in a technologically advanced country, I am reasonably intelligent, I speak 5 languages.    But all of that doesn't matter when you are dead inside and dread living every day.. have nothing to look forward to and just want to be dead. I am thinking about blasting steroids before I take my life but I dont know.  If someone could get into my exact situation, it would take them maybe a year and they would have a decent apartment, a driver's license and all the things I never had because I never managed to accomplish them. I was never assertive, I guess I suffer from learned helplessness and feelings of powerlessness. That's why I am in the situation I am in today.   I guess that's it.. maybe someone younger than myself can learn from this stupid rant and try to get help while it's still possible.   "	sw
"if you're lonely, depressed, low self-esteem or not confident then get a dog and see your life transform for the better. Get a puppy if you can. Otherwise get a rescued dog. The activities associated with keeping a dog will keep you busy and take your mind off issues that plague you and with some more help from other people you might even get better for good and live a happy, fulfilling life. The dog's love for you will make you realise you are not lonely or a loser. That you're just as good and great and awesome as anyone else.   Edit: I didn’t think it through. There could be people scared of dogs or allergic or have other obstacles. If the circumstances are right, get a dog. Or an alternate pet. Or just find an outlet. The whole idea is to feel good and feel better and live a wholesome life. "	cc
"Opinions on having roommates and be courteous of one another So I am an early riser. So I like to get things done fairly early so I don’t have to worry about it later. Each of my roommates are late sleepers and will sleep well past 11 if given the chance. On this particular day one of my roommates had work at ten. I knew this so I decided since nobody else ever does to start vacuuming at 9. After I’m finished they make a huge deal about me doing this at this time. I should have noted earlier this was a weekend.   Does anyone have any input on what the expectation is for this? Realistically if I didn’t have roommates I would probably vacuum at like 7 but since I wanted to courteous I imagine around 9 on a weekend, if if they have work as still reasonable. "	cc
"I can support everyone except myself. I can offer kindness to others but never myself. I can tell others their lives have value but certainly not my own. I would never tell someone that they should end their life but it's always on my mind, even when I'm something resembling content.   I just want to give a damn about myself even if it means sacrificing my compassion for others. Is that awful? I don't know. I just can't take this anymore. I have school, I have a job, I have family, I have my cat – why isn't that enough? It feels like it's never going to be enough. "	sw
"I want to break the cycle I just want to break the fucking cycle that controls my life even if it means that I have to commit suicide.   Every fucking day I wake up tired, eyes hurting and mom screaming in my ear to “wake up” and every time I tell her the same thing “my eyes hurt” but she just turns her back on me and tells me to get ready for school.   When walking towards the bus I stand there being looked by everyone that goes on the bus  with a face of disappointment on their face, once we get on the bus I sit in my seat and sit there trying to go to sleep so I don’t fall asleep in class and I have a paranoia that everyone just stares at me when i sleep.    Once I get to class I get looks from my class mates that signify disgust and embarrassment for me an once class starts the teacher always looks at me to check on me if I’m sleeping or if my mind is somewhere else and most of the time trying to embarrass me, after class my class mates make fun of me for having sleeping, and concentrating problems and always threatening to put photos of me doing something that isn’t work.  (I’m going to skip all day for the sake of me sleeping tonight)  When it’s after school and I’m riding the bus I always play on my phone and listen to music making people stare at me for a sec and once it’s my time to get off the bus i walk home tired only to complain to my mom that “im tired” and all she can say is “if only you did the things I did” while giving me her back.   A few hours later my friend calls so we can play online only for me either to realize that I’m bad at everything or just get pissed off and get off.    At night I spend time playing a game that I know is eventually going to die while thinking about tomorrow and how it’s all a cycle no matter what I do.   I’m sorry this didn’t really had anything to do with suicide but I guess I just wanted to share my reason for depression and eventually suicidal thoughts."	sw
Looking for some conversation Hi r/CasualConversation! I have always been a lurker on this sub but I am currently on an 8 hour overnight bus ride from Tokyo to Akita in Japan. I'm tired and I want to sleep but for some reason the air con is so hot it's even a little hard to breathe and with temperatures not being that hot here at the moment I am dressed in a woolen pullover and jeans and I'm boiling! Please if anyone wants to have a nice chat that would be a great distraction.	cc
"Does anyone have a funny/embarrassing job related story? I went to work yesterday with a sore throat that ended with me losing my voice 1/3 of the shift and I had multiple people tell me how to cure my voice. I received a lot of sympathetic people that could tell how bad I was struggling to talk on the walkie talkie and to other customers. My voice literally sounded like I was whispering when I wasn’t. I’m pretty much embarrassed for the next day I go to work this week. I’m recovering now with lots of tea, lemon and honey. But wow, I wish I called in sick like I did today, "	cc
"Today I realized that despite pursuing my passion,my existence is worthless I thought it was enough for me to at least be working in my field.  Then I see kind Mark Hamill's face all over the place these days.  I should just end it now.  At least I wouldnt have to worry about rent anymore.Donald Trump golfs while Congress lies to us about cuts to Medicaid *instead* of cutting those outrageous government contracts with Northrop Grumman & Ratheon.  Still havent found a painless method of ending one's life.Every Dec I chicken out.I'm just a chicken.  I like Mark Hamill a lot.I guess I'm just a 30yr old ""millenial"" (black/arab female).  I hate this life. "	sw
I feel reddit is about to pull a Digg and I'm sad We know it has been coming since the company decided it needed millions; people invest to make money and this isn't a charity gig.  I have this creeping feeling this crazy experiment I love called reddit is aging and the days are numbered.   I don't want to forget the good times here.  Let's enjoy this when we can :)	cc
"Idk if it’s me or my meds My psych lowered one of my meds because I was doing really well but at the same time I felt like I wasn’t doing well. I just feel like things are slipping out of control. My bosses are abusive, my family is abusive, I was horribly abused by my sister’s friends and I think her new boyfriend may do the same, I had to switch all my doctors at the start of the year due to new health insurance so I don’t have a solid foundation with any of them yet, my separated husband just tells me to keep pushing forward which is what I did up until I was admitted to a mental hospital last year and I feel like I’m going to end up there again either by my own choice or because I may get low enough to try to hurt myself again. The only thing that’s stopping me is losing custody of my son but he’s only two and part of me keeps rationalizing that he won’t remember me or miss me because he’s too young. I just feel anxious all the time about everything and like everything is spinning out of control and I have no handle on any part of my life and I just want it all to end. And damn that bottle of seroquel and bottle of wine keeps looking better and better every day. "	sw
"I deactivated my FB and Twitter account I deactivated my FB and Twitter account about two weeks ago. Been weird without it. Keep on thinking of things to post, but then remember I deactivated my account. Like any addictive habit, its almost painful to suddenly cut it out. Feel like im having withdrawals lol. btw, For those who have had or have really serious addictions(like drugs, alcohol, etc), please know I'm not minimizing that. While cutting out social media isnt easy, id say its easier then most addictions.   So i deactivated FB and Twitter because I was wasting so much time getting angry, frustrated, and depressed by what my friends and family where posting. Social media has become one of the ugliest place on the internet. Im keeping instagram, because it tends to be less political and mean, but I just unfollowed someone this morning for their angry political gram.  part of me feels like im missing out on the conversation, but part of me feels so much happier. Its easier to like people when you dont see their FB posts everyday.   I know im on reddit, but Im a lot less likely to get worked up or consumed with stuff on here.     Are people becoming sick of social media? Im only 25 and Im sick of it, but then again im on reddit..."	cc
"syringe I used in my last attempt is staring back at me today I didnt cry for two days after a 4 months of crying every single night and today it came back harder than ever, I thought it was getting better. it never fucking does"	sw
"I went on a spree and deleted social media yesterday Now I feel kinda lonely haha. Takes some getting used to. I didn't *•remove* my accounts perse, but I deleted Snapchat, Facebook messenger, and Facebook (I barely checked the main app). It gave me something to waste time with on commute, but it's funny that I miss it now because I was always shitty at responding to anything anyway, I guess it's just knowing that the option was there. Now I'm like ""how am I gonna keep in contact with my friends,"" especially Snapchat more than anything because I used it to indirectly keep in contact with people by sending and receiving snaps."	cc
"entouré par la mort... pour résumer mes 3 dernière année, mon grand père est décédé chez moi, ma grand mère est en fin de vie, mon cousin à essayer de ce suicidé, ma tante a essayer de ce suicidé et un ami à essayer de ce suicidé, ma mère à eu plusieurs accident qui l'on obligé à ce faire opérer pour ces vertèbre, elle vas devoir ce faire opérer pour son dos, elle a le cancer et à du ce faire opérer pour ça aussi, mon père à fait un burn out et travail loing donc ne reviens que le weekend quand il ne travail pas, il est plus comme un client qui vient à l'hôtel quand il rentre, mes parents vont sûrement divorce d'ici peut de temps, de ce fait la maison sera vendue et donc je déménagerai, ne verrais plus un amis très proches, ainsi que d'autres problème qui m'épuise et me prennent toute mes pensé quand je n'aide pas ma mère pour s'occuper de la maison et des animaux. je ne pense pas pouvoir continuer très longtemps si tout cela continue comme c'est parti depuis ces 3 ans..."	sw
"Been ignoring my (few) friends on social media every now and then when I want to be alone, is it a bad habbit? So basicly I don't like the idea of Messenger and Whatsapp much, I mean sometimes I just don't want to be contacted. And then I just ignore the messages, but after a while people start tagging you in messages, I really hate it. Why can't not answering be a sign of 'I just don't like to talk right now' instead of 'he must have forgotten I sended something, I will send 100 more'. I wish there was an option on Messenger or Whatsapp where you could change your status, just like on MSN back in the days. Most of my friends know I don't answer always straight ahead, but when they keep reminding me to read their messages and I keep ignoring it, I feel like I am a bad person/friend. Is it so abnormal to just wait to anwser for a few days \( somtimes it can take more than a week :D\)?"	cc
"Therapy is fucking bullshit And so is everything else in life. Friends, family, work, school, ""hobbies"", this entire fucking planet. It's all bullshit. Maybe life isn't bullshit for everyone but it's bullshit to me. I don't give a fuck how disgusting people might think I am for saying it, but I 100,000% sympathize with people who fucking snap and do terrible, awful shit. Nor that I would ever do anything crazy, because I'm a little bitch, but Jesus Christ. Hell, I'm not even going to kill myself. That doesn't mean shit. Maybe I will, Idgaf. I'm such a substance-less piece of shit. A fucking moronic, unintelligent, apathetic, useless fucking human being and I hate the nature of life itself. If my life got any worse, i.e. Less convenient, by natural disaster, bodily injury, disease, financial ruin, etc. I really would kill myself though. I just don't have the fucking patience for life. I haven't seen the good in it for a fuckinh decade. Probably because I'm a stupid, immature jackass. A child in an adult's body. "	sw
"What's your experience with feeling anxious even though everything's fine? I had a job interview today. It went fine, I guess, but I said some things out of nervousness that are so stupid in hindsight. They offered to let me do a work trial soon, which means that I at least didn't completely fuck up the interview. But still I've been feeling anxious the entire day and I can't even say what I'm afraid of. Even if I don't get the job, it's not like I'm depending on it. I still live with my parents so I don't have to worry about becoming homeless or anything like that.  I'm sure some of you can relate to feeling anxious and not knowing why. Please talk to me to take my mind off everything."	cc
"My week was horrible Monday to Friday had to be some of the worst days of my life. I went through my day, got home and put on some music and just sat in silence thinking about how fucking useless I am everyday. I can’t reach out to anybody either for fear of ridicule. I feel my life slipping into shit. Help."	sw
"Got a research internship after months of anxiety and repeated rejections from companies Hey guys, So excited today that I finally got the visa for a funded research internship abroad. Now that I am all done with the visa and everything, I finally feel so excited. Having few friends, I don't have anyone to share my excitement with. So I thought to share this small piece of news with you guys. This excitement however is accompanied by a sense of apprehension.  I am scared about the new environment, the new systems and most of all the complete Independence. At the same time I am looking forward to have a new experience,meet new people and of course, do some interesting research. Writing this down feels awesome.  Thanks for reading fellow Redditors. PS: Any tips about living and managing expenditure (keeping expenditure to a minimum as the funding seems to be just enough) in Germany (that's where I am headed) are welcome. Cheers"	cc
"So I've got my own sigil now My friend 100% believes in the paranormal. Spirits, curses, mind reading, horoscopes, etc. You name it she believes in it. I personally don't but it's pretty fun to talk about and it normally doesn't get in the way of normal life.  Last night she and one of her friends played with an ouija board. She says that it attracted a ton of malevolent spirits and that if I came over to hang out tonight I'd be at risk. I didn't care because fuck ghosts, went over and had fun talking and playing on a rope swing.  When I was getting ready to leave she stopped me and told me I had to make a sigil to keep me safe from the spirits after I left her house.  ...What?  Long story short, she told me to design a symbol that used N, P, C, D, and G, draw it on a special stone, and do some other stuff to ""activate it"". She told me that I'm now resistant to malevolent spirits and that I could drive home safe. Cool.  [Here](https://imgur.com/a/e3rmr) is the symbol, and [here](https://imgur.com/a/sLUVu) is the stone it's drawn on. Gotta admit it looks cool even if it doesn't do anything."	cc
"How do i enjoy my sleep more? So normally i enjoy my sleep very much. but that is, when i go to school during the week. Now i have vacation since a week and don’t really enjoy my sleep that much. Any tips for a nice sleep would be highly appreciated. "	cc
"Watching Home Alone as an adult makes me question the sense of morality I had as a child. For some reason I thought Kevin and his actions were ""cool,"" but from my vantage now as an adult, he looks like a psychopath, and as a child viewer I was just indulging his gross, misguided, and ultimately egotistical behavior. What mature or reasonable person thinks to themselves, ""Hey, these two people totally capable of overpowering me are plotting to break into my house, I'm not going to call the police or try to get into contact with my parents, but instead turn this into an occasion for my personal enjoyment through sadistic torture under the pretense of home defense""? The fact that kids loved this movie presents a disturbing image of the conflict children have in coming to grips with conventional and mature morality - it's not insignificant that this is what the writers propose happens when a young boy is ""home alone."" Maybe this was really the point? "	cc
"I want to die so bad, but I'm afraid of the pain. I hate feeling fear. I hate being alive. I just want to be loved or something. I hate myself so much. I hate being trans. I'm sick of my mom pretending that I never came out to her. I'm sick of knowing my dad will disown and/or hurt me if I come out. I'm sick of being alive, but I'm so scared of the pain, and of giving up the one life I have. I know that might make it sound like I don't want to die, but does anybody? If I could choose between suicide and living a happy life, I'd choose the latter in a heartbeat. I don't want to be the next Leelah Alcorn, but being dead is the better of bad options. At least if I kill myself, it might ease somebody else's suffering. It might drive some trans girl or guy's parents to hate them a little less. I don't want to live like this. I won't be attractive. Even with people who would be okay dating a trans girl, having high functioning autism makes me impossible to love or relate to. I was dealt terrible cards with life. Out of the billions of people on this planet, I had to be one of the few that can't be happy with their gender. I only get to see my counselor once a month.  I'll be moving into school soon. Last time I was there, I thought I would be happier, being able to present how I wanted. But all it did was result in me being friendless and misgendered constantly. I want to kill myself, but I'm scared it'll hurt. And I only get one life, and I'm scared of giving that up. I already said it, but I don't want to die- I just feel like it's better out of what few options I have. I might just be writing this because I want attention, because maybe I'm hoping somebody can change my mind. But it doesn't get better. The longer I go without transitioning, the worse I get. The deeper my voice will get, the taller I'll grow, the more hair I'll grow. It gets worse, not better."	sw
"Hey everyone! Today for my birthday celebrations my friends and I are going to a Karaoke bar. I need good song to sing and make a fool of myself! Any ideas you might have let me know. I have some of the basics: Just a Friend, Sweet Caroline, Twist and Shout. But I need more!"	cc
"I met my ex on Yahoo! Answers before meeting internet strangers was common. in 2008, then I flew to a different country to be with them several times.   People always ask me ""who asked the question and who had the answer?""  But really Yahoo Answers was a lot like Reddit back then, and most people don't know this. It was like the pre-reddit place to be. It's divided into categories and all categories had their own regular users with a Top Contributer leaderboard and everything, so everyone knew each other. A lot of times we would just ask questions of the community to chat and get to know each other personally, and you could add friends and talk through private message.   Is anyone here an oldschool Y!A regular? Or, did you meet someone in an unlikely online place?"	cc
"I'm almost there I used to be afraid of pain and death when thinking about killing myself, today I thought about doing it this night and I felt relieved, I'm closer to stop suffering than ever before, I have to give up the chance of being happy, but at this point I'm giving anything and everything to stop my pain"	sw
"I feel so stuck... Anytime I go and look for a job they all pay so garbage squat ($8-$12/hour). Most of them are “Entry Level” however they have all these ridiculous requirements like - a bachelors degree and 4 years experience in an oddly specific area. I’m only 20. I live with a friend and we go and serve a lot at our church. Between that and a full-time job that I have, I have no time to get another job. I’m pretty strapped and with wanting to get married soon I can’t be making about 15-17k a year... That and I also hate my job. I work at BWW as a cook. I don’t even know what to do. I want to work in ministry but it all requires degrees and hefty experience. Is there something out there that is a good job opportunity that would take me on? Have any of you struggled, or are struggling with this? "	cc
"Scared of whats after it. I don't really believe in a God, but then when I see my self going out i imagine my self talking to him as if I failed him and i will go to hell. BTW I am terrified by the possibility to end in a place like hell and literally suffer for eternity. I don't think about religion at all, only when want to suicide."	sw
"I just flooded part of my coworkers’ house. I’m housesitting for a very “by-the-rules” coworker who I also consider a personal friend. Her cats are spoiled and one of them gets to drink from the sink when he asks for it. This morning I turned the sink on a low trickle and then got distracted, leaving the house soon after. I worked an 8 hour job, came back to the house, and then left to go see a movie with some friends. When I got back here about an hour ago I noticed that water was dripping through the ceiling and into the kitchen. When I ran upstairs their bathroom was flooded, multiple drawers filled with water, counter and floor completely covered in water. I called my girlfriend who walked me through cleaning it up. Most of the water is out of the bathroom, but it is still dripping through the floor into their kitchen. The worst part is that they just built their house last year. I feel terrible, but I know all I can do is offer to cover any expenses that result from this. It’s also a bummer because it took me years to build this friendship with this coworker and now I’m just waiting for them to get home tomorrow at noon so I can break it to them. Anyone fancy a conversation?"	cc
I don't know if I'm strong enough to hold on .	sw
"Anyone excited about their Vacation? Since its summer here in my place and my friends,neighbors and schoolmates are posting their summer adventures and i felt like striking a little talk about everyone's vacay.  -Just talk about what your plans for your upcoming vacation will be and if your excited about it or whatever.   I know i am excited about my two month summer vacation. Because i'll be doing some new-ish things for my sorry life for once.  I'll be getting a new laptop that ill use to""self-teach"" my ass about programming stuff preferably Java and maybe some of that sweet sweet GameMaker Studio.  I'll be trying to make Need For Speed Payback Cinematics (look up CROWNED for examples) because im into racing games and of course the cars. And im hoping the cinematic tools work on a pirated copy.  This april i'll be taking my drivers test or driving school or whatever its called which is nice yeah. i think thats the one im both most excited and anxious of. But hey yolo.  And i'll be turning 18 by the end of the summer. Thats honestly a lot of things that im ""Planning"" to do this summer and for a person who is ""usually"" socially inactive, self-loaths a lot and spends free time alone this is a step up for me. (And maybe play some Pokemon GO while im at it)      "	cc
"Years since I've been happy. I'm 22 years old guy from India, and my life has been a constant stress. Ever since my childhood, I've been blamed for something or the other. As a child, most of you must have lived a decent life, but mine was completely Outta fear for my parents who would hit me, trash me and would abuse me. Though they said loved me, they always kept hitting me, I remember once or a few times being hit with a steel rod on my head a few times for leaving home and playing. I wanted to pursue cricket, they put me in arts and dance, they wanted to make me a singer, and TBH I have a horrible voice. I was good at cricket my teachers encouraged me yet my parents didn't bat an eye cause in India, it's all about engineers and doctors. I've had a hard time having actual friends due to the nature of my dad's work. And he would always take out his frustration out on me, like I was a toy. I've been bruised enough physically and mentally. And then I feel in love with a girl for the first time, she loved me for who I was, this was when my situation was on the worser side of things, she was there when I was troubled and to make things worse, my parents took the liberty of breaking my relationship and ever since I've lost my will to live on. It isn't about love, it is rather about my parents destroying everything I hold dear to me. I took to gaming to move away from reality and they broke my laptop. And then hours of struggle and my university recommended to get me a new one for my project. But now I've even lost the interest to face away from reality and find happiness. Also, the people I've had interaction on the university is either them asking for favours or you remain anonymous. I'm done living, I'm not able to find happiness. I just don't know, but I've a strong feeling to die. Maybe, I wasn't a good son, or they weren't good parents, I'm the victim now and I don't have my will to live. "	sw
why am i suicidal please someone explain to me why i want to end my life please.	sw
"It's crazy how much of an effect certain media/hobbies you like can have on you For example, I was starting high school when Skyrim came out and it helped me through so many rough phases of my life. I've put so much time into it (like over 3k hours on steam) and modded it to hell and back. By the time the dragonborn DLC came out I had done pretty much everything else in game, and I thought to myself, wow I really don't want this to end, so I've still never started the dragonborn DLC because I always want that to look forward too. I think I'd feel empty if I finished it. Idk.  And now I've started thinking, when Game of Thrones ends next year, I'm gonna feel so empty. I love game of thrones it's the same situation with skyrim, I just do not want them to end.  I'm gonna feel so empty. I don't feel like this with my other hobbies like lifting, and hiking and delving into hip hop music, because there is always a new routine, new park or forest to explore, and new music coming out."	cc
"Obsessed with my weakness after being beat up by a girl I'm a 19 year old man, my little sister is 11. I had to look after her. I'm formely anorexic, 6'1 and 102 lbs. She's something like 4'10 and 95 lbs.  Anyway, I kept pulling her hair to mess with her, I kept doing it because she was getting really angry and it was funny. It got to the point where she threatened to beat me up if I did it again. I inevitably did it again and she pinned me, telling me to apologise. This went on for like 20 minutes and my arms didn't leave the floor for the whole time. I eventually apologised to her and she kept milking the apology (telling me to say it louder because she ""couldn't hear me"") until I was really embarrassed.  Not proud of this but when she let go, I stomped on her phone on the ground cracking the screen. She then wrapped her thighs around my waist and squeezed until I was submitting. She wouldn't let go and I threw up on the carpet.  I'm getting really insecure about my strength now. It felt like she had an insane amount of leg muscle. We've done body measurements before and her calves are larger than my thighs when tensed and her thighs are only a few inches off my waist size lol. I chalked it up to her being fat but storing it in her leg area. I'm not sure anymore. Here's some pics, is it muscle or fat? How much stronger is she? A lot, a little?  Her: https://imgur.com/a/mdEpJ  Me: https://imgur.com/a/1zeoI  My therapist says I'm not ready to go to the gym, I'm having really negative thoughts rn. I know this will come off as sexist, but I really hate the idea of a girl being stronger than me especially a child. Idk what to do, I'm paying for her phone replacement and she said she wants some really expensive phone (costs 4 times the amount as her old one) and she threatened to beat me up again if I didn't get it (I wanted to buy a cheaper one). I ordered it and now she's treating me like her bitch. The whole thing is just so typically pathetic of me, I'm really considering just driving into a tree tbh lol. I always knew I was weak from anorexia, but she's a girl... and a child."	sw
"i'm only 15 and i'm about to kill myself i'm fifteen.   i have a narcissistic mother. at first, everything was fine. then when i was 8 we moved halfway across the united states with my other scapegoat brother, my golden child brother, and my enabler dad. i was badly bullied at school. i was shoved against bathroom doors and called names. i have autism(but it's pretty mild, i can pass for nuerotypical sometimes), a severe stutter and a math learning disability. i failed math because of the bullying and the disability(and the fact that i couldn't focus because our class was so fucking loud). mom screamed at me, called me ungrateful and stupid, she threatened to lock me out in the garage. she created rules that only me and my other scapegoat brother(who has adhd) had to follow. we were humiliated and emotionally abused as our golden child brother was treated with respect. i still wonder every day what i did wrong, because it wasn't just math. i got bullied for the next six years as her abuse and gaslighting continued. she'd say i was overreacting. i stopped speaking at 10, began thinking about suicide at 12, and became a bulimic cutter at 13. i also attempted at 13.   on february 21, i tried to kill myself again. the only thing that keeps me alive is the song ""hold on"" by derek hough. but i don't think i can hold on any longer.   - jenna"	sw
I don't want to be a 21 year old virgin I'm ugly and stupid. No girl wants me. I don't deserve my loving parents. I'm tired of crying about this.	sw
"Am I worth it? Hello everybody (: . I am a high school student. Currently I'm 18 years old. I started to be religious at the age of 15 (an abrahamic religion- all abrahamic religions have 89.9% of the same rules). I decided to be religious cause it requires me to be positive- and I was negative every day of my adolescence life, until I decided to add faith in my life. But for my more positive attitude I had to sacrifice my romantic/sexual life: I couldn't talk to women in a certain way, I couldn't touch women in public etc. In my first days of high school at the age of 15 I denied to a 19 year-old female to be my girlfriend, and later two 16 year-olds. I told this to two of my buddies and they called me queer (as in gay). I stopped talking to these folks immediately and wish them no good. Now I understand that I am only an object to other people because I am practicing religion. I stopped having contact with almost everyone except my homosexual classmate- since we now had common label ""QUEER LOSER"". I never hung out with other religious abrahamists because they tend to radicalize everything and they are dangerious- I cloud live with the bad reputation I had as a ""QUEER LOSER"" but not a ""EXTREMIST"" tag cause that is not my intention I am a nursing school student and I want to save lives. I do my homework and I was proud of myself until now when I realized that I have thrown every teenagers dream in the bin. I feel like a loser and that I am odd. I am embarrassed of myself and recently I had to alter myself mentally. I wanted to be tough to protect myself. I started to watch prison documentaries and act the part. I also started to exercise more since my bullies used my weakness to ridicule me. I practiced talking like famous american criminals to scare people. I have built my reputation up and now they don't bully me cause otherwise they will have to face me with some good consequences. I have abandoned religion but I have no friends. I am always angry towards women and I can't control it. I don't want to be angry towards them. Also my school has abuse staff members all teachers are behaving as they want calling students stupid and making fun of them. One 17 year old girl attempted suicide. She had the luck that she didn't have any consequences from that  dangerous attempt.  ***I feel that I don't deserve to live because I denied romantic/sexual relationships with these females. I mean I am like so insane for doing that, am I not. I feel like I'm not accepted by society I feel buried. Everybody hates me because of that and thinks I'm stupid. I'm a fool. Do I deserve to exist? What do you think? (I feel like one a guy who gives away his golden castle to spend his time meditating in the mountains- so stupid why did you throw away all your good stuff?)"	sw
"I can’t take it anymore This entire sophomore year has just been hell. I failed out of my honors Spanish class, basically dashing any hope of taking AP Spanish as a senior. So now I am in an A-Level class.  And as of now I cannot keep my grade above a D in math or chem. Everyone else seems to get decent grades without even trying and it seems that no matter how hard I try I can never get straight a’s. One person in my math class consistently gets 100s on math tests, and I just feel so annoyed. I study, I do the homework, I stay after school for tutoring; I am the perfect student but my grades can never reflect that. I nearly failed out of Chemistry the FIRST SEMESTER, and to add the cherry on top. I failed the midterm despite agonizing over my grades nearly every school day. No matter what I do it is never enough. It’s never enough. Whether I study everyday before a test, or don’t study at all I can never get the grades I want no matter what I do. Today, our teacher gave us a pop quiz on a topic that we learnt two weeks ago, and my mind went blank. That grade will certainly drop me back down to an F, undoing everything I had worked so hard for this semester. It’s the 4th quarter of the year and I can’t take it anymore. I just want to kill myself so I won’t have to see the rest of this miserable semester through. I hate myself so much. Putting effort into school is nothing more than a waste of energy. If I go to my school counselor, she’ll just start going on about how I shouldn’t give up and that I still have my junior and senior years ahead of me. I feel that my life is already over. If I can’t pass high school math or chemistry class how on Earth am I supposed to excel in college or living? Cheating is not even an option because my teachers space the desks 3 miles apart. Dropping out is entirely off the table, because of my parents. Everyone keeps on saying that I should keep working hard and I shouldn’t lose hope. As my grades drop, I can literally feel myself losing the will to live.  I just can do this anymore. Everyday hoping for some kind of improvement, only to fail hopelessly.  Update: Just failed another chemistry pop quiz. Now I wanna slit my wrists when I go home."	sw
I want to work at a nature park. Who else wants to talk about their hopes for their futures? There's a lot of things I want in life but working and being in nature sounds like it'd make me happy. I don't really know what I'm doing though. 	cc
"I met a nice lady today I was sitting down to enjoy a meal at McDonald's while scrolling through reddit today when a foreign lady asked if the seat in front of me. I know this bit may come as seeming weird (sitting with a stranger? Just why?) but Hong Kong is so crowded that its actually just normal for people to share a table if there are seats left.  So anyways we were eating and suddenly the McDonald's has a blackout--and I cant browse reddit anymore because there's no wifi. So I began talking with the lady sitting opposite me.  I won't mention her name as that might break privacy, but apparently she is an Italian who is a professional Latin American dancer teaching dance in Hong Kong. I talked to her about how I wanted to get into music, but was afraid that I would never be able to compete with how many people there were in music. She told me, ""There are millions of dancers out there, but I succeeded in becoming a professional. You can do it, too. No one will help you; you have to push through yourself.""  I just felt so motivated and hyped after this and I had to post about this. Hopefully this fits the sub"	cc
Just bought call of duty black ops I'm really excited cause this is my first time for any call of duty game. I heard so much about black ops and now i'm gonna play it  and see for myself.	cc
"My mum passed away recently. Don’t really wanna keep living anymore. On top of that I’ve been comfort eating so have put on a bit of weight. Don’t really know why I’m posting, guessing some of you have lost family members and are still around"	sw
"Ask me stuff, and I'll ask you stuff too It's an AMA but also an AYA. I do this every now and then. This time there isn't a list of sample questions for you to look at if you're stuck. Ask whatever you want."	cc
"Still Suicidal, But A Friend Shed Some Light For Me I'm still depressed, and I still feel incredibly suicidal. But one of the most important friends in my life just texted me that they miss me already. She came to visit me from out of state this weekend, and knowing that she cares enough to let me know that may help me make it through the rest of today, instead of thinking of tools I have in order to off myself.   For everyone in the same situation as me on here, no matter how confident you are that no one thinks or cares, I was just proven this afternoon that it is never the case. Hopefully this can also help you survive through another day. Hopefully longer. "	sw
"I found the ammo box :) No more messing around with drugs and knives, I can actually kill myself now. The best part is that I won't be missed by anyone."	sw
"Does anyone else ever feel like this or is it just me? I am an introvert so naturally i enjoy being alone (except for in the presence of my girlfriend). but lately i have been wanting to get out more and make some friends because if i’m not with my girlfriend, i’m either in class or alone. and it is starting to wear on me. i have casual friends in class but if you’ve been to college, you know how those friendships are. i don’t even know half of their names. at the same time, i enjoy being alone most of the time. it’s really confusing me and i guess i’m just posting this to see if it’s normal.  i appreciate any feedback :)"	cc
"Ive worn a mask all of my life and I'm tired of pretending everything is fine. I need to vent. Suicide used to be something I would never consider, and now it is. I just need to vent. I've kept all of this bottled up for most of my life and I don't have anyone who I could talk to about this.  As a kid, I was sent to a therapist because my parents and school noticed a change in my personality. I went from a bright outgoing kid to a more quiet reserved personality. I've never believed that I was actually depressed as a child, but recently I've begun to think that maybe I've been depressed ever since I was a child.   When I was a kid, my dad was stressed from his job and would be easily irritable. Dad coming home was always a negative part of my day. I would go up to my room and just stay there as much as I could in the hopes of not having to interact with him. This pretty much meant that my only interactions with my dad growing up was when I would get in trouble for mostly school or chores related stuff. Typical kid things. But my dad also liked to put me down whenever he could. He would be a jerk to me for no reason. I never noticed it growing up, I just thought that was how things went. This went well on past high school. I didn't even realize it until my mom and younger sister mentioned it to me when he was being a jerk to me at a wedding we attended. I don't really have a relationship with my dad, and now that my parents are divorced, I don't really see the relationship ever getting better, despite the fact that he only lives 20min away. I helped him move out of the house when the divorce was finalized. Something he has never helped me with whenever I moved. I remember him calling me to meet up for lunch when I had heard about the divorce. I had to call my mom because it was so out of the norm that I couldn't help but think there must be another reason for it. I couldn't believe that he just wanted to talk. Things are better I guess, but maybe that's because I don't see him much anymore.  I don't have any self-esteem. Is this because of my dad putting me down all the time? Maybe. When things would get to me growing up, I would always snuggle my cats. This of course would lead to more shit talking from my dad about how I was always with my cat. But my cats have been the ONLY thing where I've felt truly loved. My cats enjoy my company, and I know that. But with people I feel like they're just being nice to me. That everyone I meet is just an acquaintance who really don't care about me. That every compliment I receive is just the other person being nice. Nobody truly wants my company, and I understand that. I'm almost 30 with nothing to show for my life. I've never spoken to people about my issues, because I don't want to burden somebody with my issues.  Probably the biggest thing that drags me down is that I have the potential for a lot of stuff. I'm very smart and can think out of the box to solve problems. But I have no motivation. Absolutely zero motivation. As a teen I was told that my body produces very low levels of dopamine, which is the chemical in your body that fuels your sense of reward/satisfaction for completing goals. I was on pills for a little bit, and then stopped taking them, I don't really know why. But I feel worthless. I try and do college but lose motivation eventually. It's the story of my life really. I will do really well and then gradually slip up until I fuck everything up. And then I'll lie about things hoping that people won't know how much im fucking up until it gets revealed, like today. I know I'm a piece of shit. I'm not a good person. People shouldn't have to deal with me and my problems if all I'm doing is making their life worse.  I live with my mom and two little sisters right now, and watching the difference in treatment they receive growing up compared to how I was treated also gets to me. I feel like I was the ""practice"" kid. As a kid, I walked everywhere. I didn't want to bother my parents by asking them for a ride to places, so I would walk. I would to school, church, friends, anywhere. I would get there soaked because I walked or rode my bike in the rain. But for my sister? She always has a ride set up for her wherever she goes. I'll get scolded because I asked my sister to meet me behind the school so I could pick her up (the same spot I would get picked up and dropped off when I did get a ride as a kid) instead of driving around the block and picking her up at the front of the school. My parents are worried that the recent divorce will upset her and try hard to make sure that their problems don't bother her. Punishments are always super light or are ignored. I set a pretty low bar I thought for high school. I passed my classes, failed a couple, but still graduated. I spent the vast majority of my high school years grounded because my grades were low. I was told that if I had to take summer school, I would be paying for it, and I know for sure I would've been grounded. My sister failed multiple classes last year and had to take summer school. Not only was she not grounded at all, but she was still allowed to spend 4 or 5 weeks at a summer camp she really enjoys. I don't have any negative feelings towards my sisters. I love them very much and know that this isn't something they are responsible for. But its just watching them receive the care and affection that I didn't that really gets to me. Even to this day, it saddens me when people talk about how they get along really well with their parents, because its something I'll never have. I have no relationship with my dad, and my mom I feel like I'm becoming more and more distant from due to my own actions. But my parents will plan trips for my sisters, constantly going out and doing things together. I barely had that. I feel, left out I guess. Like your an adult now, so your problems are your own, despite the fact that you've had them for 15+ years. Its just the constant day to day small things that get me, because I was never treated that way. And it keeps adding up.I put on a mask everyday, pretending that everything is fine. I've worn this mask all of my life and I'm fucking good at faking it.  I make people laugh, I'm easy to talk to and I can strike up a conversation with just about anyone. But it's all fake. On the inside I am insecure. I hope people will like me, but I never believe that people truly do. I used to think that things would change, but they haven't. I've never had a romantic relationship. I've had opportunities where I could've dated, but I've got so much shit to deal with that I don't want to share that with somebody, especially a person I love. I don't want to drag down somebody else because I'm worthless. I've got one friend, plus a small handful of people who I can hang out with, but I constantly question those friendships. I question my relation with my best friend sometimes. Are we really good friends? Or am I just latching on to the one person who seems like they enjoy my company somewhat.  Suicide used to be something I would never do because I know it would devastate my sister and my mom. But now I start to think that maybe the pain she would endure from my death would be easier than the pain of having to deal with me and my shit.  I'm just tired of being a failure."	sw
"Bye After months of going to my doctor, taking several different antidepressants, counselling, seeing a psychiatrist, and just waiting for something to happen, I know that for me there is no getting out of this  I've been thinking about this for a while. I'm ready now. The idea of dying isn't scary to me anymore  I have a lot of left over antidepressant pills because I stopped taking them. I've got lots of different kinds. So I think I'm going to take a lot of different ones and hopefully that will kill me  It's night time where I am now. I hope I don't live to see the sun come up. Bye"	sw
"I'm too weak for this I just want to die. I don't see why I should be made to keep on dragging myself through life's challenges when I'm a lazy fuck who just wants the easy way out. Things do get better, I'm aware of that, but then they just go back downhill eventually and I'm fed up of that inevitability. I want to be killed, find myself in a dangerous situation, have something happen that doesn't scream 'she killed herself' but says 'she was in the wrong place at the wrong time, noone could have seen that coming'. Maybe that would make it the tiniest bit easier."	sw
"Sometimes I feel like I'm not the person who I would like to be. Does anyone else do this as well? Sometimes I feel as though I am a complete asshole sometimes. I do hold myself to be a good person (morally) but I find myself arguing all the time about small details or just worthless topics. My friends mention how I hate everything and I'm so pessimistic on occasion, but in reality...I feel as though I'm a pretty chill person.   Other than that one thing I feel as though I've worked on myself greatly over the years, and ain't that what life is all about?   Do you guys have things that you want to fix about yourself but just can't seem to grab onto it?"	cc
"I am losing my mind and I'm still too nervous to end it  I need help. I've asked for help. Nobody will help.         I am beyond exhausted of being forgotten, being left behind, just being the trash option. I will never get to mutual love and I just can't do this anymore. I can't continue to be taunted like this.      I wish I could say to him how fucking awful he makes me feel, how he's been the only comforting thought but whenever I think of him I just want to beg for death. I just don't want to be alive anymore. I just really want to plant a bullet in my skull and he won't even help me with that. I could never say anything, because that's manipulative. I could never do it on my own, because I'm afraid. I keep thinking that it's a good time how because he really has forgotten me now. Everyone has.    I just don't want to be afraid anymore. Where do people get the gall to kill themselves. I'm so terrified of violence.       I can't tell anyone this. I can no longer be that person that hurts others with their own pain. I have to keep it inside now but I can't. I don't have any space to write or out the feelings. This is it."	sw
"Besides IKEA, what other furniture stores can I hit up for a desk? Not only am I thinking about building my own PC from scratch, but I also want to get a new desk to put it in as well. What I have right now in the living room is pretty cramped and probably won't be very ideal for airflow, so I want to find a good desk that I can not only put my rig on top of, but I also want it to get as much airflow as possible.  I know that IKEA is usually a popular choice for furniture, but what other stores would you recommend I look into that's within the Downtown Los Angeles area? Much appreciated!"	cc
"Radio songs (#91) ^^^^I ^^^^made ^^^^my ^^^^circle ^^^^of ^^^^trust, ^^^^but ^^^^can ^^^^y'all ^^^^be ^^^^trusted?  I am not a huge fan of the music that's played on the radio in my area. We have one classic rock station that plays the same songs every day, an ""alternative"" station that does the same thing, and several pop stations that play the same songs every hour. I'm sure there are some others but all I know is I don't get to hear music I'm really a fan of on the radio. I currently have a few different songs stuck in my head that I heard on repeat today from the radio.  When I go to workout or chill at my head coach's office at the fitness center in my college, one of the pop stations is always playing. If I'm at the gym for longer than an hour I realize that I'll hear the same songs get played that were on earlier. I try to tune them out but it's playing so loudly that I can't always do that.   One thing that bothered me a year ago when I was working out was this: I did upperbody workouts around the same time every Thursday morning. Somehow, whether I got there earlier or later than usual or changed up my order of machines I used, it seemed that every week as soon as I got on the chest press machine Chained To The Rhythm by Katy Perry started playing. I don't like Katy Perry's music. In the entire semester I think only once this did not happen and I so so appreciated Justin Timberlake for bringing Sexy Back so I could go a workout without the Katy Perry song. I could workout with my own music, but I just see that as too much of a hassle, even with wireless headphones. I don't need music to motivate me either when working out.  I know a lot of people enjoy Spotify or Pandora, but I don't use them because I know the musicians I like would lose out on money from those radio apps. The sound engineer at my theater said one of his buddies had over 100,000 plays on a song on Spotify and didn't even get $2 from that. I much rather buy a CD (either physical or digital, but preferably physical) and upload it onto my iTunes playlist to put on my iPod.   When I first got my old iPod touch I had a metal radio station I downloaded that I enjoyed but I eventually deleted it. I did find a bunch of new bands (to me) through that app though.   I hope whenever I get a car it is recent enough that it'll have an aux cord for my iPod, but old enough that it has an actual CD player since I own a good amount of physical CDs.  Do you have any good radio stations by you?  When was the last time you bought an actual CD?  How do you feel about ""radio edit"" versions of songs?  Do you use music to motivate you when doing specific activities?  What are your thoughts on Spotify and other radio apps?  Is there any song you cannot stand to hear on the radio/anywhere?  ---  ^^This ^^is ^^post ^^#91 ^^out ^^of ^^~~365~~ ^^360something ^^with ^^my ^^goal ^^to ^^have ^^a ^^conversation ^^on ^^here ^^every ^^day ^^of ^^2018. ^^Feel ^^free ^^to ^^comment ^^on ^^anything ^^I've ^^said, ^^answer ^^my ^^questions, ^^or ^^just ^^talk ^^freely ^^about ^^yourself ^^even ^^if ^^it ^^doesn't ^^relate ^^to ^^the ^^post. ^^I'm ^^here ^^to ^^chit ^^chat.  ^^It's ^^been ^^[18] ^^days ^^since ^^I ^^last ^^missed ^^a ^^post"	cc
i am departing this world in after june if things don't get better then there will be a suicide from 17floor building 	sw
"Does anyone else feel a strong sense of bittersweetness when watching old movies/tv shows where the actors were in their prime and then seeing them when they're old? Like I'm only 20 so I wasn't even alive when Friends started airing but I'm only about five or so years away before I'm around the age of some of the cast when the show began. I mean the show ran for 10 years, that's a lot of these actor's lives, and now it's been well over 10 years since the show ended too. I get a real feeling of both sadness but also something nice being able to see these people and other actors when they were young and then in the next few seconds being able to see them fairly old. I think the feeling is amplified when you watch a show where the actors are playing people who are just living life because even though that life was obviously not real, it sorta seems like seeing a real person go through a part of life in the show."	cc
"Boyfriend tried to take his own life when he was younger My bf and I have been together for about two years, and when we fight, he gets so angry and abrasive. I always knew there was something else internal going on, and it had nothing to do with me. His dad took his own life when my bf was little, and I thought it had something to do with that. He has never been physically harmful to me at all. The other night, he finally told me everything. He said that after his dad died, he tried to take his own life. As he got older, he developed an abrasive side to him and jumped from relationship to relationship in order to not feel lonely, and that I'm the only one who he has ever loved and saw a future with. When he told me about his suicide attempt, I sobbed. I wish I had known earlier, but I understand. I feel awful for him, and I just want to make him feel better. I don't know what to do. I know I can't leave him (not saying I'm staying with him only because I feel bad for him), I love him to death and want nothing but the absolute best for him. I am so sad for him, but also scared. He said he wants to talk to a pastor and get more involved with his faith, which is great. Does anyone have any advice as for what I can do? Not to sound insensitive AT ALL, but in a way, I'm relieved to know that none of our fights and his anger is about me--it's all internal and things he needs to work through. Any advice would be appreciated. Thanks. "	sw
"What's something awkward you've been in recently? I for instance, was recently asked out. I am asexual, so you can imagine the less than great experience there.  Anyone else been in such a situation in recent memory?"	cc
"I attempted a little over a year ago I'm not even remotely glad to still be alive. It doesn't get better, it never will.  I wish I had the courage to try again. "	sw
"How did you guys find your best friends? Let me be clear..I am not a loner,ik people. It's just that I've never really had anyone to call my BEST FRIEND. Someone I'd share everything's with,play late night games with ,or exchange books,drink,watch movies,talk about girls...basically the stuff close friends do. Today my crush,who is also my friend cancelled everything we had planned today to be with her best friend...she is the only one I have stuff in common with,so yeah that made me sad. Also always had this insecurity that if I called someone by best friend, even if we weren't that close,or even if I find someone, what if he or she don't feel the same way about me... I really wish I had a best friend."	cc
*sigh* Easter weekend. To do: 1)Wake up thinking about the home made Easter cake I baked yesterday 2) Have a crap 3) Eat more of said Easter cake for breakfast  4) Back to bed for nap part 2.   This is what 8 year old me dreamed being an adult would be like. 🤗😄 Ni'night xxx	cc
"So I have been using RES to filter unwanted subreddits from /r/all... and even after filtering over 500 subreddits, I still see posts that (to me) are time-wasters or don't spark much critical thinking.  After years of browsing through shitposts and cute pet pics (mind you, they are therapeutic, but they are still time-wasters), I decided it was time to try to tailor Reddit into a feed of useful stuff. Now that I have filtered as many shitpost-reddits as I could, I often see posts from subreddits like ""/r/[insert hot female celebrity here]"". Okay. I understand that Reddit's demographic is primarily straight and male. I just wish there was an easier way to filter all the subreddits that I don't want to see.  Does anyone else have the type of problem I have trying to browse /r/all sometimes?"	cc
I wish I had died when I attempted. Even when I tried to kill myself I still had friends.   Now I don't.  	sw
Can you buy antidepressants without a prescription? I really don’t want to have a few hour talk with the doc. Just wanna try and see if it helps.	sw
"I’m so tired of not caring I need some help. I’ve been to a therapist, I’m on 40mg of prozac a day, but nothing is working. I have no reason to be depressed, my brain is just fucking stupid. I’ve got a family that loves me, a bunch of cool friends, a decent path to go forwards in my future, but I just don’t care.  Anything that used to interest me is just boring now. I can only concentrate on gaming for half an hour. I used to not be able to put a book down once I started, now it’s hard to finish a single page. I don’t feel terrible, per say, I just feel nothing. Excitement is gone from my life. I don’t know how much longer I can keep this up. It’s spring break ffs. Nothing to stress about, just a week of relaxing. I don’t care, though. Fuck man. I know there would be tons of people devastated if I died, but again, I don’t care. I mean, I’d be dead. Apathy fucking sucks. Help.  I’m going to bed. Hopefully I’ll be able to feel something in the morning."	sw
"Do you ever get in the car with a friend and the worst possible song comes on? I was thinking about this because I keep my radio set to an old-school hip-hop station, but every time my cousin is in the car, some wild/embarassing songs come on. For example, I could be driving by myself and listening to artists that go hard like Tupac, Notorious BIG and Snoop Dogg, but the second that this particular cousin gets in, something like Doin' It by LL Cool J comes on. It only happens with him, nobody else."	cc
I’ve come to peace with my decision. I used to cry all of the time because I wanted to die. I used to feel so sad that I couldn’t shake the feeling of wanting to end my life. But after some serious thought I am for certain that this is my way out. I have never been so certain of anything in my life honestly. I don’t know what day I’ll do it. I know it’ll be within the next week. I just have to find out how and where I want to do it. I’m oddly excited to see the end. I’m excited for this to be over. Life never treated me too well. 	sw
Highly Sensitive 	sw
"just need to rant I don't know exactly what's wrong with me, but for some reason I just don't want to exist any longer. I don't think it's normal to think about how easy it would to just die, everyday, but it's always there.     I don't talk about it. I used to see a therapist because my sister also has mental health issues, and my parents wanted to take caution. It was useless: I cannot trust others, and I hated the woman they made me see. I couldn't trust her, and she also didn't listen. All I got out of it was the knowledge that therapists cannot help me. The last time I saw her, she told me I was wasting both of our times.    None of my friends know. I can't be open about it, because if anyone knew my life would be ruined. I'd rather die than seek help.     I'm scared because I'm not getting better. It's getting worse. Exercise doesn't help. I've never been more suicidal than when I was playing a sport daily. I don't know if it's better now, but at least I'm not crying everyday. Becoming more numb to the idea. Life would just go on, same as it always does. I know one day I'll probably kill myself, and I don't know what to do with that information.  it's probably bad that I fantasize about writing list of all the people I hate at school who I would never want to come to my funeral, but it so satisfyingly vindictive.      I feel like I have nowhere to go. I have no reason to be depressed: I just am. I know it would hurt a lot of people, but the nice thing about being dead is that I would never know. I just want it all to stop. Some people have reasons, I have no excuses. I'm just pathetic.   I'm sorry for wasting your time. I just need to put this somewhere. I'm terrified and not ok. "	sw
"What's your favourite side dish? I adore side dishes. Most of my meals are 2-3 side dishes that combine to make a full meal. A meal for me may be mashed potatoes, side of broccoli and a mix of beans, corn, edamame with taco seasoning. Sometimes soup with roasted potatoes or a salad. Stuff like that. "	cc
"How is life? Hi people of this sub,   how is everything going with you all and has been taking your time lately?   Is there any plans that you have to this weekend?   Have anyone of you people been to theater and watched a good movie? If so, what is it?   Do guys have texting buddies? How are they and what do you like about them?   Is anyone of you people looking texting buddies?   What's keeping you happy?   Hope you all have a good time. "	cc
Drinking and ready to go Just cracked a bottle of wine and keep looking at my purse. There’s a months supply of Ativan in there. So incredibly tempted. 	sw
"I’m so bad at handling pressure I had my first formal interview today and it went really badly. I don’t expect my first interview to be absolute killer but this was a cringe fest cause my inexperience really showed. It was for a prestigious volunteer opportunity and it was me (1st year), a 3rd year, and a 4th year. I was also feeling so stressed out I forgot how to really sell myself and I worded some of the answers so badly to the point they sounded really offensive :(  I know I should take this as a learning experience but RIP. "	cc
"Cleaning before you go I'm getting rid of **everything** (books, games, dresser empty, my computer) before I go, and have my living space vacant as possible without sleeping on the floor. I think getting rid of everything will allow those affected to move on easier. Thoughts?  "	sw
"Pathetic I’m a 17 y/o Korean boy, I feel pathetic, unwanted and I’m on the verge of suicide. It’s an on and off thought that won’t go away. I do have friends, and I feel happy for a moment, but then it all goes away. I go to church, and there is a youth group that I am forced to join, and I’ve known the people for years. But they blatantly make plans to do things that day, and while I’m there, and don’t invite me anymore. They used to, maybe out of pity, but it adds to the unwantedness I feel. If I get hurt by my parents, I let my feelings lose to them. But they always tell me to just let it go and forget about it. Side note:  I’m not without my flaws, and I said that I don’t like to interact with people because their all fake. My dad calls me a wuss, which is true. He points out all my flaws and says your not much better than the others. I’m sorry this is all jumbled up, and full of random comments. My emotions are going crazy. Main point is i just feel sad all the time and I don’t know why. It seems my parents don’t understand me, or I’m just not going the right way of solving my issues. "	sw
"Dorky Pilgrimages? Ren fairs, festivals, comic cons or massive meet ups or similar events so important to you that you gotta get up and go do it yourself.   I just booked time off work for a massive longboard race/camping trip out on the coast where everyone is gonna be drinking, skating and horrifically injuring themselves for 3 days. I'm excited because only 20 people in my city show up for longboard meets but this event is huge so I am stoked to meet people from other cities I can hit up to skate. The camp has live ounk bands every night too so theres a huge festival atmosphere around the race itself.   What are your super niche dorky pilgrimages you're doing/did this year?"	cc
"Succulents I have recently built a reasonably sized succulent family. They are adorable and I love them. I wanted to know, what’s everyone’s favorite type of succulent? My current favorite is echeveria “black prince”. I thought about posting this on r/succulents but I’d rather have a conversation and that’s what this is for. Who is having luck with propagation? I’d love to see your set ups!"	cc
Does anyone have any scientific articles supporting personality over physical attractiveness? I found some scientific articles supporting the existence physical attractiveness.   https://www.psychologytoday.com/us/blog/dating-and-mating/201709/reasons-not-date-attractive-masculine-man  http://psycnet.apa.org/record/2005-11095-001  Then I read some  comments on reddit that personality is better.  https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/6qifhe/what_matters_more_personality_or_looks/  What’s true? Can someone please share scientific article that personality makes people attractive over physical attractiveness? I believe it will give hope to people not kill themselves and that it is not hopeless if you are born ugly.  	sw
"I need to let this out My whole life I've been a failure to everyone around me and myself.   I've never been happy, nor will I ever be, lately I found a slivver of hope for my future, an amazing boyfriend, the first person to ever care about me, but I blew it with my stupidity, I did stupid stuff, made him upset, started to hate myself, which made him angry, which made me start to talk about what a piece of shit I am, and now he broke up with me, for obvious reasons. I really hope he can get a worthwhile girlfriend instead of me, he deserves all the happiness the world has to offer.   Now My life will return into eternal darkness and pain, I've atempted suicide twice already, and failed, like I do everything in life.   I trust no one, and no one will ever trust me.   Is suicide the answer to happiness? no   Is it the way to stop feeling? yes   And if all I feel is pain, I want to stop feeling "	sw
"I've been thinking about Bagel Bites® all day I cant get them put of my mind, and i dont get off work until very late tonight, so i cant just go get some. It's killing me.   The bite, the crunch, and the pizza bagely goodness keeps replaying in my head over and over again. It's driving me fucking crazy. I havent had them in years, but for some reason i cant stop thinking about them all of a sudden. And now i feel stupid for neglecting them for so long, they're so delicious. I keep pretending to bite into one and i can practically feel it in my mouth. I can even feel the burn on the roof of my mouth because i didnt give it enough time to cool down before taking the bite, and i even spit the pretend blazing hot Bagel Bite® into my hand as i groan in pain, but it was worth it. It probably looks weird to my coworkers, but i dont care. They just dont understand."	cc
"Sometimes I feel like I want to die (not really urgent but please help nonetheless) This is my first actual post here, I've recently discovered this subreddit and have been lurking a bit, commenting here and there a few times.  Anyways,  Sometimes the thought of suicide crosses my mind, I kinda want to but at the same time don't really want to, does that make sense? It's like, not wanting to die because you recognize the blessings you've been given, but instead just wish your parents never gave birth to you in the first place. I know this sounds selfish since I'm middle class, not poor but not rich, my parents love me, I have a decent amount of friends, but to go with this I have several physical deformities that make me feel insecure, and even putting these aside I'm just insecure to begin with. I have social anxiety due to bullying, I've made friends but sometimes I grow distant because I feel like they're just talking to me out of pity, or that I'm just a hassle or burden in their life whenever I try to talk to them, like I'm just some waste of time. I know this sounds somewhat selfish in a way, knowing that there are tons of people who have it way worse than I do, but I do believe there is genuinely something wrong with me and I need advice on how to cope with all of this, sometimes I just isolate myself completely from my friends, thinking they all probably hate me.  I need advice."	sw
"I just started gym! Well, not technically. It's my second week. After many failed attempts of sticking to gym.  Today I've done three series of 10 - 12 reps. I tried my best and get even a little bit nauseos, so I couldn't complete the entire series.  I started reading ""Bigger, Leaner, Stronger"" too because I want to know why I'm doing one thing or another.  Anybody can give me some tips of how to improve? I'm still working out in my sleep schedule and improving what I eat."	cc
"I feel like sometimes it must just happen. I feel like no matter how many hotlines are set up, some people will just slip through all of it and eventually kill themselves, if not now then later. I might at least just be talking about myself, but that's still what I think.  Some people go on and on, either no one else notices the warning signs or if they do, they either don't say anything and those who did get pushed away, which is what I kept doing. Even though I've always felt like my whole family and everyone I've known knows I have nothing to offer, that I'm a huge dumb ass and just overall a huge joke. When couple of teachers did reach out I just declined. A couple of old friends tried to reach out and again I declined. I'm too embarrassed to contact any of them again because then we would have to talk about how we are and what we've been doing. They would say they are at university and have partners or whatever and the only honest answer I could give about myself is that I kept dropping out of school and I constantly think about killing myself. That's the only thing that goes through my head. I have no skills, I'm useless at finding jobs and my only hobbies seem to be hating myself and feeling sorry for myself.  The end."	sw
"I cant go on This time for real  I have said this so many times, but I cant take it anymore Though I have everything I need to be happy The pain is just too much  This life hurts so much"	sw
"Cut class to sleep in fuck I feel so well rested Is this how normal humans feel like on an average day? I can't believe it. I feel like I can do anything rn tbh. I have the whole day ahead of me, I'm wide awake i have energy. It feels so good Im so shocked rn. I usually have too much sleep onthe weekends to the point where I'm completely groggy and lazy or I sleep too little on school days and I'm basically dying inside but rn it's perfect. Waking up at 9 30 am and sleeping at 1 is the key to life. Granted I missed review sessions for a test that's tomorrow and know nothing rn at least I can stay awake all day long and studyy. I feel so focused it's like I'm on Adderall or something Jesus. I honestly think high school/jobs in general should all just start 2 hours later. What about you, how's your sleep going? "	cc
"Can we talk about markers hey y'all i'm looking for high pigment kind of markers like copic or prismacolor markers, preferably with a brush tip. i have like ~$.37 to spend. is there any knock off brands that are cool?  besides that, hey guys i hope you're all having the best day ever you *little cuties*"	cc
"40 Before 40... ideas? I have a lit of things that I'd like to do before I level up to 4-0. If you look in my history, there's a bullet journal post I submitted with my list thus far. Some of those are already completed. I'm looking for about 10 more things to complete my list and I'm running out of ideas. I'd really like to broaden my sense of adventure. What are some things you'd like to do?"	cc
Anybody ever been knocked out by the doctor before? I have never gotten an IV and been put to sleep before. Kept my wisdom teeth because I have space for them. I’ve never had an IV in my hand but the idea of it freaks me out. What is it like being put to sleep forcefully by drugs? I’m kinda nervous to be put to sleep.	cc
"My work is having a chili cook-off and I intend to win it I want to destroy them.  I believe it will be decided by popular vote, so I want to go with a crowd-pleasing classic chili executed well.  A little complexity is fine but I don't want to go too far with it...  something like cocoa is fine, but I've read suggestions of stuff like peaches and I think that might be a bit out there for the average joe at my work.  I consider myself an ""intermediate"" home cook and I am pretty comfortable in the kitchen and modifying recipes.  What are your chili tips?  :)  What do you like in YOUR chili?  "	cc
Just came back from watching Unsane That movie was actually surprisingly good. I usually find most horror movies insanely clichée and unoriginal but that one was really interesting. Had a very good story. The concept with the iphone filming only was weird though.	cc
"Does anyone create reward systems for themselves? Do a certain thing, allow yourself a treat? My friends gifted me a giant bag of candy. It’s hard not to keep sneaking bits all day. Ideas for using it as motivation? I usually don’t buy myself sweets because it’s hard to have self control. But I don’t want to toss the bag, seems like a waste of a nice gift and I do actually like the candy, just don’t want to finish the day feeling gross because I mindlessly ate too much. Was thinking of doing some kind of reward system for myself. I’m a big rule follower and think I could abide by it. There are small candies and big pieces, it’s a mix."	cc
"It’s morning, I’ve made it to see another day! Currently on a vacation of sorts, checking out colleges with the kid.  Didn’t sleep so well in the current hotel, but made it to see another day.  I guess that beats the alternative!  Hope your day is off to a good start!"	cc
"I am not brave I dont want to live anymore but i dont have courage to die.  If I were brave enough to kill myself, I would choose to live a life."	sw
"Well, I tried A little bit of backstory, I am visiting new your for the weekend and we are in the middle of the city, like a couple blocks from time square, so everything is tall... including the buildings. So last night I tried to get to the roof, I was going to do it, but the door was locked. I had everything planned out, I was going to jump, but the fucking door was locked. Why is my luck so bad when it matters most "	sw
"How to tell someone I keep trying to kill myself? So, I'm 16 and I have tried or come close to killing myself every day for the last week and a half. I took an od last night and then got scared and threw it up. I don't know if I will do something tonight, I probably will try or come close to it. I feel so helpless. If I had left the house in the last 9 days I would have jumped off the bridge very close to me or just ran off. I can't go outside because of my eating disorder, as I am so ashamed of how I look currently that I avoid all my mirrors, and can't stand the thought of someone seeing me. This means I might not go to therapy next week and I am scared something bad will happen, or if I do, I will likely end up lying.   Someone knows, and has been there every time I have said things like this, and refuses to leave,but I'm finally pushing them away as I feel them getting more frustrated that I know nobody cares about me or something of the same variation.   I don't know what I am supposed to do. If I talk about this I will probably end up sectioned and I cannot miss school and I haven't been revising for my gcses in a month. I am scared I will be forced to eat or open up about my ED (not an option) and my parents will be told and have a conversation (not so supportive) and I can't stand that. I can't go on pretending I am not a risk to myself, but I don't know how to start the conversation. Any help greatly appreciated.  "	sw
"Disgusted by the majority of people It's late so I won't go on a long rant, although I'd like to. And I'm not claiming any moral high ground, I'm no better than anyone else.  I'm just disgusted by the people around me, I constantly hear stories of people being betrayed or doing stupid, degenerate shit and it re-enforces my distrust for people. I don't think I'll ever be able to get into a romantic relationship because it seems like these days you're just going to get cheated on or dumped, even if the girl seems nice it's still going to happen. Why bother getting involved with people who have probably fucked people over like this, and will probably do the same to me?   I'm also sick and tired of the mob justice and moral superiority displayed by people these days. Everybody thinks that they're right and those who disagree with them are evil. The social climate right now is just so amoral and bleak, people claiming that they're knights of justice or whatever while shitting all over those who disagree with them.   I wouldn't kill myself but if some guy pointed a Glock at my head I wouldn't object to it."	sw
"I'm schizophrenic (or something like it) and I don't want to be on meds. I'm only 21 and I've been on so many medications. So fucking many, it's just one after the other and I eventually quit them on my own because I *hate* them. I hate the side effects. I hate not being able to cry when I'm sad, I hate that I don't laugh as much, I hate not having a sex drive, I hate that if I miss a pill I feel like shit.  So I quit taking them, and eventually, the psychosis comes back. I get delusional, I hallucinate more, I get paranoid and anxious and I stop taking care of myself.  Usually, my delusions are nonsensical and they don't hurt anyone but me. Things like thinking 'They' (random shadow figures idk) are everywhere, watching me from wherever i'm not looking. Or thinking aliens are surveying the earth, but especially me because i know about them and that they want to hurt/kill me to keep it a secret. Or that everyone around me, especially cops/doctors/celebrities are lizard people wearing human skin. (Yeah, idk, that's actually a common conspiracy theory that I read about and then got carried away with).  But not the last time this happened, but the time before it, I thought my mom was trying to convince me to kill myself. I thought she had been doing exactly that since the day I was born, and everything she'd ever done was part of her trying to convince me to kill myself. I cut her off and I really hurt her. Things are okay now, but it made me realize that I'm capable of hurting people. And what if i have a delusion that someone is trying to hurt me, and I ""defend myself""? What if I hurt some innocent person because I'm crazy and I think they're scared?  I don't want to live on meds. I'm unhappy. I'm miserable on them, I hate it and i hate who I am on them, I hate my quality of life. But if I'm not on them, I go crazy for random periods of time and there's a chance I could hurt somebody. I can't do this anymore. I don't know what to do. There are no solutions to this, there's nothing that can fix it, this is just what my life is. Miserable and medicated, or miserable, crazy, but unmedicated.  I'm also thousands of dollars in debt with shitty credit due to hospital bills, including bills from my last suicide attempt. I don't work because my mental health is shit (I'm also autistic) and I can't even take a fucking shower regularly, how am I supposed to go to work? But I'm not 'disabled enough' to get SSI according to the social security office and the judge at my least SSI hearing.  This SUCKS. I hate this. I hate my life, I hate who I am, I hate what my life will always be and I hate every single medication they have ever put me on. I don't want to do this anymore. I can't keep doing this. I am literally, *literally* only alive because someone is co-writing with me and I want to finish the story. But the story is just fucked up, will never be published, and is basically just a mixture of us venting our past sexual trauma.  I feel like everyone would be better without me because I'm a financial burden and I could hurt them, one day, because I won't stay on my fucking meds.  I don't know what I'm looking for here. I'm just... looking for something, anything at all that I haven't heard before. I know there's nothing anyone can say, but this is like a last-ditch effort before I say fuck it and end it all."	sw
"How can I help? I’m new to this subreddit and I’d rather spend time reading people’s stories and being supportive than wasting all my time on the front page. To people who have posted on here, what are helpful things to say and what is not helpful?"	sw
"Talk me out of killing myself tonight Long story coming.  So ever since I was young, I felt like I didn't belong anywhere. At that age I brushed it off as being smarter than other kids (I attended a special class for advanced kids), but as we all know, that is never the case. As I got older, I looked on social interactions as a skill, so I tried to learn that by mimicking others. It did help in getting to point, I was able to make beer buddies and have one night stands with girls. I looked good at that time, which helped.  That was around age 16. I noticed, however, that none of that relationships became true friendship or long lasting relationships. Some girl liked me because of my looks, some guy hang out with me because I'm fun at parties, and my schoolmates liked me mostly because I could help them at their studies. I would always have someone to go out drinking or partying with. However, whenever I felt sad, or I just wanted to talk about my geeky interests, I never felt there's someone I can talk to. And I was sad most of the time. Now as time passed, this developed into a full blown depression.   As my condition progressively got worse, I found myself many times sitting next to train tracks, wondering about what it's like to jump. I like to think of myself as self-aware, so naturally when it got to that point, I tried to combat it. I even went to a great therapist and was fine for a long time. However, then came graduation.   I met a girl that night. We talked a lot, and one thing led to another, in a month we were officially a couple. That was my longest relationship at that point. She just got rid of an abusive boyfriend, and we both loved the idea of helping each other's suicidalness with mutual love, it was really like a fucked-up romantic movie.  Well, nearly 3 years have passed since then, I'm 21 now. I really did help her, she went from suicidal to pretty stable. I got accepted into one of the best universities in our country, pretty far away from our town. My life became a living hell after this. Since the first time in my life, I felt loved by anyone. So naturally, I tried to be with her all the time. This resulted in constant traveling between cities. In itself, this would not be a big problem, however to pay for the uni expenses, I have to work too. And I study computer science, which is a pretty hard subject. But, in itself this would be managable.   Besides all of this, I became sick, physically. I don't know what it is, because the doctors couldn't figure it out yet. All I know is, it's something to do with my bowels. Oh, and it causes terrible pain and hair falling. Normally, the pain is bearable too, but whenever I workout (which I used to do regulary), it was too much. This caused me to don't go to the gym anymore, so I got fat too. That one is all my fault, I could have eaten better, but my negative self image contributes a lot to this story.  So, my daily routines consisted of either studying and working all day, or travelling all day, and two day a week spending for hours with my girlfriend. Sounds pretty shitty right? Day by day, during this 3 years, my mental condition got worse and worse. Sometimes so bad that I went days without sleeping because I was to sad to think about anything but dieing.   At least I still got the love of my life, right? Well, I had, until today. But she told me pretty clearly that she just doesn't fell it anymore, so we should break up. And I accept that, you can't force feelings. But fuck man. We went to so much shit, I lived a living hell just so I can support a future together. The only thing I ever looked forward to in my life was making money so I can buy a house and spend all my free time rising English Bulldog puppies together. (Bulldogs were my happy animals before her, and they helped her too. [Look](https://www.sunnyskyz.com/uploads/2013/06/f4f5c-cute-bulldog.jpg) at this little guy at tell me he doesn't make you fell better.) But, now even looking at a bulldog makes me sad. I know it sounds idiotic, but it does, and it makes me feel a lot more shittier that it does.   No she threw me out, and here I am, looking like shit, withouth a girlfriend, without a single friend, my only vision of the future shattered, feeling sick as hell. And I just don't know. I don't know how could I take anymore of this shit. If only I had one crossed out of this list. If I were healthy that would be enough. If I had friends it would be enough. If I had her, it would be enough. But I have none, and it just makes me sick. I wish that I could go back, back to elementary, attend a normal class and make friends. I would be happy with just one. Fuck, back before I met her I used to go to suicide chat rooms to help others. It made me feel better that I was help. But right now I couldn't do that, because if they asked why not to kill themselves, and I couldn't say that it will get better. It only ever gotten worse for me in the long term.   So yes, I don't really wanna die. I made a second reddit profile to post this, because I hope someone can give me a reason. I'm not willing to endure this pain anymore. Noone should feel this way, and I can't even imagine what others feel who have it worse. I just can't stop thinking about dieing. I sit here, watching videos of cute bulldogs, while listening to Suicidal Thoughts from Biggie. I sat my facebook up, so I can post some music and a goodbye note in the last second. I bet everyone will be fucking surprised. I never spoken to anyone about wanting to die, besides her and the therapist.  I actually had a classmate kill himself when I was younger. I didn't understood it at that time, the reason why he never tried to get help. I understand now. Life is shit. Kinda hate myself for never getting close to him, maybe we would have became friends. Or maybe not, as it never seemed to work for me.   Anyway, if you read this far, thanks and sorry for wasting your time. It's 21:50 (9:50 pm) here, as I'm writing this. I have to get up to uni at 04:00 am, so I will be checking the net, and reddit until then. I won't lie, I would really love a reason to live. But I don't believe I will ever get one. If you read this after 04:00 am, I want you to know that I want at least my death to be fucking awesome, so I wrote in my will to get cremated and smoked by everyone who attended the funeral, like 2pac in that urban legend. If I make the news, please post it here, that would be kinda cool.   Thanks for reading, and goodbye.   "	sw
"What should I get for dinner tonight? I just got done with an almost 10 hour work day and am super tired and do not intend to cook. Normally I would make myself dinner and what not, but I am just so tired today. So I need some advice, what food is should I get for dinner (alone, so I probably gonna do take-out)? Also, nothing too spicy, I can't take that."	cc
"I wish i could say goodbye. Hi, my name's Lucy, i'm a trans girl, i should've started hormones soon, i don't think i'll be here by then. I lost the most important person in my life because of me, i honestly feel like a mistake that's worth erasing. My anxiety has gotten so bad i can't even leave the house anyways, i'm not missing out on anything. I thought that i could not take my life, but as time passes, it feels more and more possible. I hope no one that knows me reads this post, and if by any chance that happens, please ignore this. I don't know when and if i'll do it, but it feels like a real solution right now. Goodnight."	sw
"What do you guys do for fun? Greetings - it's 11pm here, I just got off work and have time to relax.  Inb4, I'm a foreigner and still learning English. If something is being misunderstood, wrong grammar or something, please let me know, it helps me a lot. (: "	cc
"I have a friend who is not mentally stable and is contemplating suicide I have a friend who is claiming that her parents neglect her and only care about one sibling. She has disorders such as anorexia, body dysmorphia, and depression. She has done things such as cutting herself and has been on the verge of suicide 3 times. Tonight she told me that she wants to run away from her parents to get away from everything. She claims they don’t care about her disorders and they don’t do anything to help her. While I don’t 100% believe this, she is not in a stable position right now and needs help. This has been going on for around 2 months now and i don’t know what is left that I can do at this point.   She may kill her self tonight and I don’t know what I can do or say to stop it, since she won’t talk to me anymore. Someone please help guide me to what to say or to someone who can help. Thank you.  UPDATE: she tried talking to her parents and her mom “slapped her harshly”.  UPDATE 2: she told me she was going to try to kill herself earlier and wants to cut herself / drink away her feelings"	sw
"For the first time ever, I (22 male, extremely introvert) left my house and went out for a bite to eat! I'm extremely proud of myself! I never do anything really, so it was a huge step out of my usual *stay inside and so nothing* boundaries. I was pretty amped about it on the drive home. It's very difficult for me to want to go out and do anything. My depression is fairly severe. But suddenly at the red light, I just thought ""... Screw it."" And drove on it. Usually I sit there at the red light just thinking ""do it! Just do it!"" But I never did. Until today.   It's... an odd feeling, "	cc
"Heroic death fantasies Who else finds their fantasies put a veneer of pseudo-selflessness over the act of self-destruction?  I never much liked the idea of dying *at* someone, even if I do get the occasional unproductive flash of dark enjoyment from imagining someone's ""guilt.""  For the most part my brain wants to create scenarios in which my death is the best and most noble solution to a problem, and my deathwish remains a secret bonus.   How neat and tidy, to martyr myself in the aid of others while getting out of my life contract, AND I get to be remembered for generosity rather than my stigmatized illness equated with weakness and sad, furrowed brows, or a potential long life of awkward mediocrity and resource-sucking.  My bereaved loved ones are left relatively unburdened with anguished thoughts of how they could have prevented it, and with a solid target to blame if applicable.   It's a delight to imagine the devilish bait-and-switch, the benevolent trickery of letting them think I'd given up something precious that I would have preferred to keep.  It's like unburdening yourself of some hideous tchotchke or hated piece of furniture only for the recipient to gape at your unimaginable kindness.  I imagine that if I ever were to find myself in a situation like this self-preservation would kick in and I'd hold my odious life close like Smeagol cherishing the Ring.  Perhaps someone else would get the dubious glory, by bravery or happenstance, and I would grieve them and the lost opportunity for my childish needs together.   At least I can learn something about my insecurities and priorities from these fantasies.  There is always an audience, not of established friends or family but of weaker connections I've wanted to impress.  I gladly and on a regular basis imagine my death taking place - suddenly, unceremoniously - in the company of acquaintances and strangers.  Maybe the idea of the people who already love me being there is anathema because it spoils the joy of dying performatively and reminds me, quite obnoxiously, that I do have things to live for."	sw
"Food, please just... Food. Am just coming back from a bad case of stomach illness, not 100% yet but now I can at least eat again.   Problem is, when I'm ill everything just stops. No bills being paid, no cleaning and of course, no food in the refrigerator. So today me and boyfriend will go to shop for some food, big time.   Would like to talk about food to get some inspiration. I will, for today, make some spicy (unsure if that is such a great idea considering but it taste so good wih spicies) tomato soup with sausages with green kale and cheese on the side (don't eat bread).   What is on your menu today, tomorrow, this week?  Am also thinking about making browines, even though I'm trying to get beach ready haha. "	cc
"the life and death of conversation I was listening to a podcast one time where one of the hosts (host A) was telling the other (host B) that when he tries to start a conversation (on twitter), it falls flat. not that many people engage with him. on the other hand, host A was saying, when host B starts a conversation, it takes off and so many people are involved in it.   I have been thinking about this in my life ever since. for example, I'll post something on a mom group and three to five people will respond. another person will post and get 20+ replies.   does anyone else notice this? why does this happen?   what makes a good conversationalist?"	cc
I miss him so much My husband took his own life in November. I've been trying really hard to move forward through it but I just can't.  My whole future is destroyed and without him it's like I don't want one for myself.	sw
I keep crying myself to sleep Thinking about killing myself. I imagine myself recording myself breaking down and explaining that im so fucking lonely and its killing me then killing myself. I keep thinking about it at night and end up crying. I dunno i can go on its just that i dont want too with lonliness 	sw
What do you do when you're depressed? I'm feeling depressed these days. I can not make link to anything. Whenever i feel depress i feel bored. Need some hobbies to make it more interesting.	cc
"Why keep going? Everything in my life is shit right now. My grades are awful and I'm probably going to lose my scholarships soon, I have no friends at college and my friends at home are moving on with their lives without me. I started self-harming about a month or two ago and now I can't stop even though I know how unhealthy it is. Basically, I'm a worthless piece of shit who would be better off dead and I already have a plan for how I'm gonna do it. I don't know why I'm even posting this here, I guess it just helps to know that someone sees it."	sw
"Anybody wanna talk about gardening? So I just recently picked up gardening as a hobby and I'm having a great time with it already. It's so much fun growing and maintaining plants and trees, I especially like fruit trees and living in California we get a ton of citrus (my favorite).  I find that trimming and pruning trees is very relaxing and meditative and once I get in the zone I can spend hours working on a tree. Unfortunately I live in an apartment so I don't get to have any big plants or trees of my own but I indulge in my hobby by taking care of some of my neighbors trees for them. They really appreciate it and I get to have fun and often get a ton of fruit and flowers to keep for myself.  I love being able to live off the land and may even look into asking my neighbors if I could plant small gardens on their property in exchange for free produce and maintenance.  Anyone else like gardening? if not what is your hobby? and can you tells me more about it?"	cc
"I don't know what the hell ""life"" is anyway. I just think with everything that's happened, I never stood a chance. I've always reacted horribly because of it. You're supposed to accept having to spend the rest of your life ""healing"", but I don't see any point in living if you are being constantly tortured, and if everything has been severely delayed and destroyed. I'm also sick of people with normal childhoods and loving parents saying ""it will get better"" as if they understand. I feel like I have nothing to offer and therefore no one would care if I died. I keep feeling like whenever I post here I sound so self-pitying and pathetic - but what the hell. I have no idea what life is supposed to be full of anyway. And in the end, it feels like if anyone tried to reassure me then they may as well be telling a mouldy corpse that it has ""potential"". If your family's never given a shit then who can?"	sw
"Bought another bottle of acetaminophen I bought a bottle of acetaminophen today. 100 extra-strength pills. Same thing I get every time.  I bought it because I just want to know the option is there, as crazy as that sounds. It brings me comfort that I could try checking out, or at the very least self-harm, using these over-the-counter meds. And yeah, I know, acute liver failure would suck, but it has a high mortality rate, so what the Hell?"	sw
"I just want to tell someone. All I really want right now is to tell someone, “I’ve really been wanting to kill myself.” I want someone to know. I want someone to tell me what to do. I want someone to talk to that knows what I’m feeling. I want to stay in bed and never get up. I want to stop being a failure. I feel like I’m coasting through life, never really contributing anything meaningful or making any sort of impact. I want my life to mean something. I don’t know what I’m saying. I have so many things on my mind, but the words that keep coming back are “I wonder what it would be like to stop existing.” "	sw
"Finally Learning French Again! I love the french language, so I have decided to learn french again! I learned it in school and I was actually pretty good at it; but unfortunately I've forgotten most of it.  But in time the desire to go to France and to live there became bigger and bigger each day, so I started to re-study the language a few days ago.  A little bit about myself: I'm Nabil, male, 19yrs old from germany! So, if you are french and interested in (voice-)chatting, hit me up! I'd love to chat with french people, that way I could improve my french skills even more :)"	cc
"I just got a Starbucks gift card from work, but I've never been to Starbucks and don't know what they have. What should I get? I just won a $20 Starbucks gift card from work. I've never been there so I don't know what to get. I'm not a big coffee drinker, but I'm ready to try something new. What should I get? Also how do I order it so I don't look like an idiot trying to order? "	cc
"Help I want to kill myself and the vyvanse I just took is making it seem like a really attractive option   Get ready for a stream of consciousness wall of text:  Help. I'm sitting in my shitty busted car in the parking lot of the shitty community college I go to since I'm too dumb to go to a good college and I'm fighting to the urge to kill my self. I don't want to kill myself. However killing myself is the only option I have if I don't want to have a shitty life. I just got a bunch of etizolam so I don't have to be me when  I don't need to be sober but when I'm sober I just want to cry and kill myself please god why do I always feel like this. I just want to stop being so negative, my own thoughts scare me. I just played super hot vr and I keep pointing the gun at myself wishing it was real, I want to fucking die. Everyone says it's fine it gets easier blah blah blah but as far as I'm concerned if I plan on having any happiness at all in 50 years I need to work my ass off and I don't want to fucking do that, why can't I just be happy with who I am and where I am why do I always need to push and push and push and push and push. When can I just stop and say I'm in a good place. I took so many classes this semester so I have a chance of not going to a shitty college but I'm not gonna make it, I have so much homework it makes me want to cry. I haven't showered in 4 days and frankly I'm too afraid to go to class because I don't  want everyone to know I'm a smelly piece of shit that should die but then at the same time I'm so fucking charismatic. When I'm able to go to class I put on a show for everyone and everyone fucking loves me. But they don't fucking know. They all think I'm a fun guy ""oh archy I wish I could be as chill as you"" like no I want to kill you and my self. Why do I want to kill myself if I'm so fucking awesome. Why don't I feel awesome. Why do I always feel like garbage. I can't remember anything I've done the past few months because I'm so high all the time everything is a haze please someone help me I'm so tired of being alone and having to put up a front. I don't want depression memes but I just want to be myself please god I don't want to die why do I want to die. I'm not going to call the depression whatever hotline because I just don't want to, why should I trust some fuck ass I don't even know with my life. They don't fucking care about me, they just want a way to feel better about themselves help Help Help Please Help I'm so alone I hate being alone Everyday it's a fight to be with someone but there is a void I can't fill this void I want to put a bullet in my head that will fill the void, The void is a perfect circle, the size of a bullet. Maybe I already killed myself and now I'm trying to fill in the hole Inb4 ""le edgy teen""    Look at all these dumb fucks posting to this sub and yet no one gives a flying fuck. I bet if I start spam posting this to reddit it will either go viral or get suffocated in the disgusting fucking void     I want to die      I want so badly to love someone and to be loved by someone but I don't feel like I can trust anyone to love. Every one I have been with I've always had the overwhelming guilt that I'm only it for the sex because it's true. Fucking a girl brings me momentary pleasure and helps me convince myself I'm hot shit when really all I am is shit"	sw
"Did you ever notice that you rarely give someone compliments, even friends or close friends? I don't exactly know why, but I think (and I am really sure that's because I had so few friends) everyone would be quite happy and more confident in general. At least that is something I found out - even though it caused some 'confusion', he was happy hearing something nice about himself after all. As I said I'm not exactly sure why nobody does this, so I am curios.   Did you ever thought about this? "	cc
"We put a hummingbird feeder up on our back deck We can see it from the front room window, and there's already a couple hummingbirds that visit it throughout the day. In fact, there's two at it right now. It's oddly pleasing to watch them from the window.   Edit for a bad phone pic: Not sure if the link will work.  http://i65.tinypic.com/95r9jo.jpg  I call this guy ""The Regular"". Idk if it's always the same bird, but there's one that will sit on the feeder for a while. Today he seemed ok with me cracking open the back door to try to take a picture. Maybe he was tired of flying in the rain"	cc
"I (17F) need someone to talk to. I don’t feel comfortable unloading the details here; that has had severe consequences in the past. But I could really, really use someone to talk to. I don’t know how to cope with what I’m going through and it doesn’t feel like it’s safe to share it with anyone. I’ve been fantasizing non-stop about my death, and it’s scary. People typically describe relief when they talk about planning their suicide, but I’ve just had this gnawing unease sitting in the pit of my stomach."	sw
Do you have a favorite actor/actress? I just recently found out that I do. Two of them actually. Cillian Murphy and Tom Hardy. I'm a straight guy but these two are just so damn cool. Hardy could read a phone book and I'd listen to it ha ha. 	cc
"I went to my first concert last night The band was Rainbow Kitten Surprise, and It was breathtaking. They just happen to by my favorite band and I feel so fucking happy that I got to see them. They just released a new album so a lot of it was music I wasn’t too familiar with but it gave me a much more organic listening experience None of the people were mean and if I struck up a conversation with anyone they would politely indulge.  I had no clue what to do with my hands and I felt like I stuck out like a sore thumb but I stopped caring once the music started.  How did your first concert go?"	cc
"I need some makeup tips I want to go to a makeup workshop at my college (free of charge for me). However, they said that they recommend you to bring your own makeup tools and I don't have any. Should I go anyway?  And if I have to buy some stuff, what should I buy?"	cc
I will jump from the window in my apartaments tommorow. Thats it.	sw
"What should I do? this may sound unusual, and apologies about any long windedness but: I recently moved to a new city. on top of the usual stresses of getting a job (still looking), trying to make friends, and getting ahead in life, i've found myself more and more anxious and depressed. in high school, i had untreated depression and anxiety issues that went away in college. but now i have them again, only worse. I feel sometimes like i will throw up with tears from panic or sadness.  the reason i'm posting this in this thread over, say, r/depression is that i often think about killing myself, and envision myself doing so on a daily basis. the thing is though, i do not have any plan of going through with this. on the contrary, i find it soothing. there is somethign i find comforting in the thought of my problems not 'mattering' on a cosmic level.  i know, however, that this is a short term solution that could go south real quick. i don't know what to do to make myself feel better. i don't want to pay a million dollars for a shrink, and i don't want to burden my friends or family with my problems right now. i'm having trouble motivating myself to stay healthy (which would realistically help) and i'm worried that if i don't find a job in my field soon i might try and do something i regret. what should I do? i know i need help but how can i do that while also keeping it from people?"	sw
"Need some advice Hello, I just need some advice, or something, I don’t know what I need. Just help. I am constantly wishing I was dead. I think about killing myself quite often. Every time something goes wrong in my life I turn to suicidal thoughts. Right now I’m in debt, sick, and alone.... I’m gay, never really been happy about it, I find out if I have HIV tomorrow when the labs come back. If I do.....I’ll probably just do it.   I try to stay happy but things just keep happening to me. I figure dying would be easier then dealing with all this. It really would be. I hate feeling like this."	sw
What are some mundane things you enjoy about your life? I saw this question on a different subreddit and someone commented with a wonderful list and I absolutely loved it. So I wanted to hear moooooore! 	cc
As close as i ever have been Its 207am. I dont have any friends that i can ring at this time of morning. I dont want to ring my parents by upsetting them. I cant afford to drink because i have work in the morning and thats how id normally get through it.  I just dont know what to do or who to turn to.   Im thinking about drinking some vodka really quickly to get my blood alcohol level up and putting my car into a tree. That way it might be deemed an accident rather than suicide and my parents wouldnt have to live with the fact i killed myself.	sw
"Was skiing and went off a 4 foot ledge then fell I don’t know if 4 feet is a lot, but I was casually skiing and like to go through trees. I couldn’t turn in time and had the wind knocked out of me (or whatever the saying is). I sprain (what my dad thinks) or tore my labral hip. I scraped my face, nose, beneath my nose and my arms feel very tense. Why not chat while I rest?"	cc
"join if bored, lonely or have no friends :) yooo, im bored and im sure someone else also is, join for a casual chat (btw this is my first post so no hate xx )"	cc
"Not doing well... feeling like I'm alone on eggshells afraid to talk to anyone... My life is a mess.  That's the best possible way to summarize my current ordeal...a mess.. a complete and totally fucking chaotic mess.  As long as I can remember shit just started going wrong for me...  I'm not talking like I had hard times at school, I mean I did, but this isn't daddy didn't hug me, I got a flat tire or lost my job stress, this is... a glitch.  A glitch you ask?  Well some guy once told me he believed in a path, predestiney.. and that if we went off that path the world, universe or whatever bullshit abstract deity you want to call it would then ratify said issue until you were back on track.   At first the romantic notion of this appealed to me.. it made me hopeful.. I assume probably the same pathetic way people cling to an indifferent god that allows child rapes, serial killers and mass war to go on. Things so bad the only thing to keep up from losing what we call humanity is to think it all must have some greater meaning...  I'm here to tell you the unfortunate, uncomfortable and brutal fucking truth.  ----Bad shit happens because bad shit happens.---  There is no greater plan, no god, no destiny and nothing at the other end of a gun then a void of thoughtless, empty black nothingness.   Now I'm sure you think I'm jaded, and fuck you’re probably not wrong.. but the other thing is it doesn’t mean I’m necessary wrong here either.  I grew up on the USAF bases... my mom cheated on my dad every chance she had. There was a decent debate about if I was his kid for a while since he was in Korea when it seemed I was created.  My dad got out and began to travel with the railroad leaving me behind with my 2 siblings who were all from different men and a psychotic mother who to her credit loved me the best she could.. that’s just not saying much..  not much at all if you’re a small defenseless child.  My brother would rape my sister and I. I'm lucky enough this was in my infant years and I didn’t find it out until I was teen when I asked why he was kicked out. My mom would cheat and she would beat me if I accidentally let word slip. Mention of things like the motel she made me and my sister sleep in a 2nd bed next to hers while she screwed a guy and my dad was traveling. Five years old and more confused than ever I mentioned our ""vacation"" because that’s what she called it and  took a 20z liter bottle of Pepsi to the side of my head and  then was held under the bath tub water.  Eventually I was seen a liability to her. She began locking me in the entryway closet and leaving me there for hours. I made it into a fort and convinced myself it was my hiding spot, even though it was tied shut from the other side.  Time went on and my dad finally made my mom get a job. While that went on and I was still before school age I went to a babysitters house. Long long story short I was lucky enough to find myself being put into child porn with his daughter Nicole, my 13 year old babysitter. Meanwhile him and his son set up cameras in her room and I was raped with a Aladdin barbie doll, amongst other Mcguvery rape children’s toys they could think of.   Certainly life would get better from here right? I mean predestiney, the fucking path right? Surely I wasn’t destined to a life of only suffering?  Wrong.   My dad and mom divorced. And my dad remarried to a very abusive psych-nurse that loaded my already alcoholic father up on benzos like fucking candy. At one point I counted 8 different medications I was on. It was hell. My dad developed a creepy and unhealthy obsession with my weight and appearance. My stepmom was fuming with jealousy about my dad and I maintaining any type of relationship and overtime and many drugs convinced him I was a verbal abuser that inherited mental illness from my mother and I ""couldn’t be trusted"". They punished mostly through shaming. My first date with a boy ever I woke up and found our house covered in post its that say ""abuse will cannot be tolerated abuse will not be tolerated."" I was 13. I ran around hysterically pulling them down. I missed the one behind the curtains of the window.. obviously that relationship dead ended.   By the time I turned 18 I saw my out and joined the Army… Surely free of the source of pain, the real world would be much kinder?   Also fucking wrong.  It's all a miserably long and uncomfortable situation to recall but it ends with several assaults and rapes and a baby later....   But that was it.. my win... my one good in all the bad.. her.. my flawless, pure unruined baby girl.  An even longer story later a wealthy, creepy and obsessive man manages to have her taken from me. I raised her alone for 2.5 of the 3 years she’s been alive and he got her. Money can win court cases. Sorry kids but these aren’t the books they read you in school, right and wrong and good guy bad guy means shit in the real world. Money is power and money is how you win.  So I end up trying to kill myself a few times which I think is fairly fucking justified at this point in the game. I've been homeless, hungry, raped, and abandoned from the moment I had formative memory....  And so there I go off to inpatient at the VA hospital for PTSD... that’s when I met *him*.....  A fucking light at the end of this miserable tunnel of bullshit. A fucking glimmer of hope at the end of a phone. He’s sarcastic, witty, and rough around the ends.. he’s perfect. And he feds me stories of promise for hope, of a life with living and no surviving. He tells me there is an end and there is a reason to let my heart keep beating.  And just like that 3 months later this wonderful, although complicated and bit of a pain in the ass man shows up from Afghanistan at the MPLS airport to rescue me from the hell hole I've been drowning in.  The first moment he hugged me I knew. I was finally safe for the first time since birth. I was safe because he had me. I didn’t need to look over my shoulder and I didn’t have to wonder about if happiness for me was even an option... it was a very real possibility.  And so I married him.   And it was the best day of my life.  Now I know looking at my history that’s not saying much, but I imagine what I felt that day is what most normal people hope their entire lives to feel. It was like all the pain and all the bad poured down into this moment. Him. Him and me, and we were so perfectly fucked up together the rest of the world and it rules didn’t matter. We had each other and there was nothing else either of were ever going to need or want again because it was all there... At least that was how I felt....   I'm sure its unsurprising to anyone at this point that trust isn't exactly my strong suit. And I've been forced into the position of choosing between a future with a life with this man and living under the wealthy scary man and being able to see my daughter every week...  It’s pretty much the hardest situation I’ve faced yet.. and clearly that’s saying something.  And now today... the light.. the hope, this man.. he isn’t even sure if he thinks I’m worth it all... and he’s far from the first to look at me and all that is me and think maybe it would just be better to pass.  Pass to someone less damaged, less sad, less scared, confused, complicated. I honestly couldn’t hold it against him...  And now here I sit. Looking back at my life and wondering if I’m not that glitch I mentioned. If maybe there is a god, or entity or something and it goal is to erase the mistake it made, and that’s why I’m being tortured, so hopefully I’ll kill myself and set everything back in order. Or maybe it’s all fucking meaningless and all the suffering was just a shitty role of the dice.. "	sw
Someone please tell me how to get it over with As I can see from my last post nobody really gives a shit. I can’t stop thinking. I want to blow my brain out of my head but somethings stopping me. Getting a gun is no problem but I can’t get over the fact that people will all of a sudden be hurt over me killing myself but while I’m alive it feels like everyone is just pushing me to see if I’ll actually do it. Please god someone tell me how to just put it to my head and squeeze without thinking about it. I need help 	sw
"What is your go-to snack? I think most of us have a favorite snack that we always make sure to have sitting in our cupboard or fridge. For me, it's Doritos with Tostitos mild chunky salsa. I've also been eating my way through my first box of Cheez-it Grooves and they're pretty freaking good.   What's your favorite thing to snack on?"	cc
I have nothing left. This post is my last attempt. I tried	sw
"Life is a curse Im so sick of being me. Im so tired of being so incredibly alone. No one gives a shit about me. I just want it all to end. There is no reason not to kill myself. I don’t know why I haven’t yet because I know that I should.   Everyone tells me that life just gets worse from here on out. That all the pains, worries, and stress I have now will continue to grow bigger and deeper. Why even bother with it? Why deal with life? Especially when nothing makes you happy or excited or you have absolutely nothing to look forward to? Why not just die? "	sw
"If I had a good fucking method I’d do it in a heartbeat It’s so fucking pointless. I don’t have anything to live for anymore. I’m working my ass off to get into career with a shitty salary. It was the only thing left that kept me going and kept me alive. I don’t have anything to live for anymore. No one will ever love me because I’m an ugly, unattractive, garbage human being. There doesn’t seem to be any point to anything anymore. No one cares about me. Everyone just abandons me or simply doesn’t care. I don’t wanna do this anymore. I’m so exhausted everyday.   All I ever wanted was to feel like I was worth something. I wanted something or someone who could tell me that I wasn’t worthless. That they were wrong to treat me like shit and that I was actually worth something. I think I know the answer now though. I’ll never be worth anything. I won’t be worth something to someone. I’ll never know what it’s like to have someone excited to see you after a long day or a long week. Someone who would just enjoy the moment with you. I’ll never know what it’s like to feel fulfilled and have accomplishments.   I wish I could be happy. I wish I had someone who cared. I wish I had a lot of things. I guess I’ve always been some sort of dreamer. That’s what kept me going for a while. Even after being disappointed so many times I always thought that I could still rely on someone, only to have them abandon me. I still pushed on and worked hard because of the promise that I could live a good life. It’s all a fucking lie. I know the reality. I just wish I didn’t have to be here anymore and face it. It’s all just so pointless"	sw
"Going to a social event all by myself Next week I'm going to see a live show of one of my favorite podcasts. Since none of my friends listens to them I decided to go alone. This will be the first time ever and I'm pretty excited but nervous at the same time. Secretly, I hope to meet some nice people and maybe become friends with them. (I know most friendships don't happen in one night but hey, you never know)  Problem is, I don't know how to behave around strangers. I'm not shy or anything, but I just don't know how to approach a group. The hardest part is to open my mouth and talk and keep the conversation interesting. But I'm just not good at smalltalk.  But even if I don't meet anybody, I know the night is going to be amazing. So at least I got that going for me. :D"	cc
"I envy some of you. Everyday i read posts on here and see that most of you have either friends,family,soulmates... I have none of that and reading that makes me wanna die even more.Well good thing my time is coming very soon."	sw
A mother shouldn’t want to kill herself I am 24 and a first time mother. She is a little over one and she is my world. I did suffer from depression when I was a bit younger but nothing like this. I have been more sensitive to little things and have been lashing out on my partner and other family members. I sleep about 2-4 hours a night. And really I feel like I’m just feeding an unhealthy relationship. I don’t want to put the blame on anyone so I won’t and I’ll just say that I’m the reason I am unhappy. I don’t think my daughter deserves to have a crazy woman as her mother. Last night I had a whole episode and literally destroyed everything in our bedroom after an argument with my partner. Even made a huge hole in the wall which caused me to sprain my wrist. I have been losing my mind lately and I don’t understand why. I have never had an episode while my daughter is around(she was at my in laws for the night) but I’m scared I am a danger to her. Right now my partner is with his family at the park celebrating Easter and I’m at home staring at all the nice things I destroyed. I want to get help but cannot afford it and in my head I can’t get the idea that I should just take my own life so I don’t have to deal with myself and no one has to deal with me. I know she would hate me forever but at least I saved her from meeting a lunatic. This was just really a lot of rambling in one paragraph because my mind is so scattered at the moment.	sw
"How do you help someone self harming? There's a person I know through Instagram DMs only. She is really depressed, because of negligent parents and her breakup.  I really don't know how to help her. I don't know her in real life (she lives in another country), and only found her because she runs a meme page.  I told her to do what she loves and not indulge in self harm. She sent a photo of red lines on her arm.   I don't know if this is the right sub, but Reddit, I'm scared for this stranger"	sw
"My Last Attempt Was Pathetic I’ve tried killing myself so many times it’s kind of funny.  When I was younger I thought fall damage could kill me so I kept trying to fall of the jungle gym at weird angles, I just ended up braking my arm.  I tried suffocating myself with a scarf in 4th grade but I just ended making an ass of myself, most of the kids just laughed.  I recently tried again and it was probably my least funny yet.  Now think of someone, crying in the middle of a expensive bathroom at 5pm on a Thursday surrounded by cleaning rags trying to pour bleach in his mouth.  Internally I’m just yelling “do it, do it you fucking waste, you fucking pussy!”  And I’m just yelling “No no I’m not ready there’s still hope, there is still something to hold on too.”  “What are going to hold on to? Your girlfriend who doesn’t exist? Your family that doesn’t care? Your friends you were too stupid to keep? Fucking do it! Pussy!”  “No!”  “You can’t even hurt yourself! You’re less than worthless trash! Fucking do it! Fucking kill us! Now!”  Instead of killing myself I took a shower with my clothes on and waited for the water to go cold, occasionally hitting myself over the head with my fist.   It’s been a couple days and I regret not killing myself.   "	sw
"What are your opinions on the twenty-first century? I really think the twenty-first century is looking quite bad at the moment, with everything going on, but there are good things about this century."	cc
"Heartbroken and depressed. I am ready to end my life right now and i will I dont have much left to say, im so broken. I have bought some fentanyl and im ready to do it"	sw
"Girl asked me if I was depressed A girl in my class, don't know her very well and I'm not sure about her at all. Just randomly asked if I was depressed. I was taken back from the question, I said no. But anyone could tell from my hesitation that I was.   Gonna be a shock when she hears of my death, huh?"	sw
"I fucking love cleaning. No one taught me cleaning or hygiene as a kid. I never knew anything other than absolute filth. It's suffocating to be swarmed with all the filth you've been around for the last several years, never cleaned.  Cleaning is a breath of fresh air. Something I do for me and me alone. It calms me down, it lets me breathe, it keeps all the clutter away and helps me look around and think ""My life is a mess but god damn my bedroom looks nice."".  Little compares to the comfort of laying down in a well made bed at night.   It's so nice to look around and know chores are totally done. I don't have to do anything else I don't want to for the rest of the day.  It's so fucking nice to know I'm not a total slob.  Anyone else just fucking love cleaning?"	cc
Coincidental Birthdays and zodiac signs I seem to meet people who are frends or coworkers that have the same birthdays often. I know 5 people with the same birthday as me and  friends who share same birthdays along with famiy member. A good mentor of mine told me it is a sign that good people are in your life. What are you guys( and ladies) thoughts on that? Has you ever experienced this too?	cc
"I want to die right now Im with depression and anxiety just scratch  myself a few minutes ago with a sharp CD plastic cover untill i almost bleed im tired of living not allowed to go out of the house, i dropped out of high school last year due to depression and anxiety. I've learned how to mask my emotions so that i always look happy. Cant tell my parents i have depression and anxiety. I just want the pain to end but im not strong enough to kill myself yet "	sw
"Should I break up with her? I'm ready to die, been depressed feeling like shit and had no motivation to live for months. But I have a girlfriend that loves me and cares about me a lot. I just don't know what to do at this point. I wanna end this, I'm too tired to keep on fighting. I still love her but she deserves much better. Should I break up with her or hurt her in some way so she hates me before I do this?  I don't have a motivation to do anything anymore. I'm too weak."	sw
"Is it hard for you to get along with people? Especially people you work with? In general, I’m not a big fan of people but I try my hardest to make conversations and be cordial.  Especially at work when you see your co-workers every single day, but lately it’s been really hard for me to be nice and get along.  I find myself getting annoyed more easily and I don’t want people talking to me.  Maybe it’s because all people do is complain?  Or brag about their pathetic achievements?  Especially when everyone at work does the same thing.  Then I come home and I’m so annoyed from work that I’m annoyed at my own family.  It’s not fair to them, but I can’t help it.  I’m sure it’s just me being a terrible person, but I can’t be like this forever.  "	cc
Any fans of carnatic music here. ? I've been looking out for people who are interested in listening to or sharing some good music. esp based on the genre of Carnatic. Anything would do. Those who are interested in listening to some good list of songs can pm or comment over here.	cc
"i feel so alone Sometimes I feel like I'm trapped inside my head, I don't think normally and something about me is just inherently wrong.  People pretend to care about me but I just make everything worse, I'm out if place in whatever I do and when I'm alone o can't help but wonder why I had to be like this. I don't care about my university prospects because whatever happens I'll still be me and I'm just fucking disgusting and repulsive.  What's the point in living when I'll always just think wrong, all the decisions made have led me to this point and even if things get better I'll just make them again because thats who I am  sorry if this isn't the right place for this"	sw
"Out on the edge. Not sure how to start this. Been dating a girl for 4.5 years.  Things were good. I was happy, and a year after we started dating I got hit with a medical illness. Random pains in my body. I went from loving Disney songs to dreading the next day.  My anxiety and depression got worse. Feeling your body fall apart everyday is a shitty Feeling. Through out our relationship I contemplated suicide as a amazing option. I wrapped a belt around my neck, to amazing relief. It's hard to explain this feeling. Just amazing. It wasn't an attempt I was wondering were my state of mind was. Look in the mirror and it's a genuine smile. Comfort smile. Anyone know what I'm talking about? I kept getting worse medically and wanted to run away. I choose to drink the pain away and forget it. Through out that. My depression was numb and my gf stuck by me. On multiple occasions I felt so bad. Id say the wrong things when I drink. So if break up with her so I could suffer alone. She always came back. Me, I'm the kind of guy that  Doesn't like to deny people who want to be around me. In 2016 I tried to kill myself. Took 2 2mg Xanax bars, drove down to rite aid bought  2 pints of whiskey. Started drinking at as ideas driving home. This is it for me. I'm done crushed up 4 or 5 more bars put them with rum and coke.  Rook.2 10mg valium pills. Decided to play my favorite game till i fade away. Spark up a joint listen to music and proceed to piss everyone off because I suck at the game. I remember getting lethargic and needing to throw up. I don't and just go.lay on the bed to watch tv. I fall asleep after downing more then a pint of whiskey. I stay asleep for 2 days. Woken up by my girlfriend, parents were gone. Came to the realization she could have found me dead. 2 weeks later, I decid that breaking up with her was the best thing to do. I'll be happy knowing I'm not being selfish keeping her around. So I do. I keep it a secret why I was breaking up with her. I don't like pity. She comes back a week later telling me she misses me. Wants to be there for me. Not even  a day I found a fentynal dealer. Tested it will a kit it was the real deal. I decided I'D try something different. Started anti deprsssents. And those reacted badly. I'd say things I regret.every now and then. I tried to leave a couple times during this. Anti deprsssents numbed me. I started drinking with it. So I decided to move with my parents to go cold turkey off them, stop drinking. Force myself out. Force myself to bring my mind and body back. I was done feeling like this.  When I go cold turkey  I knew I would have a badd day because on detox in off 30 mg off lexapro.  I quit drinking  I just need a month or 2 to bring myself back.    I have a badd day and she leaves.  Saying that she was thinking about this for years even though a year before I tried to break up with her and she came back promising me that she wanted to be there for me. I'm crushed.  I tried to leave her because of how depressed I was an anxious only to have her say nasty things to me in the end and throw me away when i trusted her.   I'm at that point where I want to kill myself again.  I honestly after 4 months am over the relationship.   But the words she said sting.  Why after me trying to let her go and her coming back And the and do I have to feel like I was abandoned feel like I did the right thing trying to let her go what I felt so bad.  And she leaves after me trying to feel good but just needed to detox off everything.  After that a friend got upset.  Hacked my things  And posted naked pictures of her on her social media.  All because I told him I'd give him back his items but I just was too depressed to log on.  Now hes threatening to post these pictures to all of her friends and he lives in another country and there's nothing I can do and he wants me to give him all of my items are he does it.   I really just want to go home right now. Find a place to jump or find a place to take the fentynal I have   And have all the pain stop food I don't know what to do and I don't know how to feel"	sw
"I think I'd die before I'd tell anyone anything about myself For some reason I've always thought this way, information is power and I can't give others any over me. I want to die because of who I am, I guess, and hope I can be someone better or someone who can enjoy life"	sw
"Have you ever had any memorable teachers? Yesterday, I was really stressed out from being in one of my classes. During this class, it’s basically a built in work time where you’re meant to work on homework and whatnot. But basically, the people in my class, I cannot stand, and yesterday I couldn’t take it any more. I felt so small and unwanted in that class. So much so I left it crying. So come today, I asked my choir director if I could stay in the choir room instead of going to my normal class. While explaining why, I broke down into tears. She was so supportive though. She wrote me a pass to leave that class and so today I spent that time alone in the choir room, where it was just nice and quiet for once. My director had told me that I could come any time and to just ask for a pass from her. I’ve never really been close with any of my teachers, but she’s honestly so supportive in every way. She’s also inspired me to pursue a career in choral directing because she’s made such a big impact on me, and I want to be able to have the same impact on others. I’m just so appreciative to consistently have her support.   Anyways, have you had any teachers that impacted you in any way? "	cc
"I just got free 250/100mbit Internet connection at home I live in Stockholm, Sweden. Today, the whole building got free 250/100mbit Internet connection. No rise in rent/fees, just an Internet connection. I've cancelled my other subscription. Sweet!"	cc
"So much to do, So little time, And YET...I got time to banter...What is my life even about? In the next few hours...  I need to  * Kill off the leftovers in my fridge before traveling * pack for my trip to Dallas/Fort Worth (yes, both places) * Put together TWO distinctly different playlists on Spotify * continue my MCU rewatch in advance of Infinity War * push through some daily Madden nonsense * shower and get ready for a hot date that will likely carry on until dawn...  AND YET...here i am soliciting conversation...What you got?  What you want?  "	cc
"I live in a sewer Technically it’s not a sewer, it’s my apartment that smells like a sewer. Our kitchen and bathroom sinks have backed up with sewer water two times in the last two weeks, the most recent was Tuesday night. Our whole apartment smells even after cleaning the bathroom (it flooded, there was like 1/4 inch of brown water on the floor and the carpet in the Hall was soaked) with bleach. The people who own the property won’t let our property manager call a real plumber. We think it happens after it rains and it rained last night so we’ve calculated that it will probably back up sometime this weekend.  So yeah... what’s new with you? "	cc
"i cant think of one thing i would ever want to do nothing makes me happy ok people go oh just hold on to that one passion or one thing thatll keep you around or whatever I DONT HAVE ANYTHING I LOVE OKAY. NOTHING. THERE""S NOTHING I WANT TO PURSUE OR TRY OR FINISH OR WHATEVER. I dont have that. That's WHY I want to die. If you fucking thought I had something to live for, i'd be fucking LIVING FOR IT. Fuck that. I don't care about anything.  I don't do anything.  Everything I try I stop after like a week. I don't care about anything. About fun. Nothing.  I don't have anything. Nothing. But I still don't want to die. I don't know what to do.  "	sw
"I just don't get it What's so good about being alive? Why are you all trying so hard to keep others alive? Why should they, and myself, have to keep suffering.  Not everyone has good lives. Not everyone has people that care. I don't know if I can remember a time I've felt loved, and I'm more than positive others haven't ever been loved.  Everyone says these problems can be solved. It's a permanent solution to temporary issues. But is 20, 30, 40 years really all that temporary?  I tried living my life for others because I hate myself and humanity, but wanted to find counter examples. I wanted to be proven wrong. I was and wasn't. People aren't evil, just self-centered and apathetic.  So I stopped dedicating my life solely to others and tried to fix myself. Therapy and meds weren't my solution, after years of trying cocktails of SSRI/SNRIs and too many therapists to count. None of that worked and im left with 2 options. ECT and experimental treatments, which won't be covered by insurance.  I'm not broken, I was just born to be depressed. Please let me leave this cold uncaring world on my terms. I'm tired."	sw
"Community Conversation: Video Games Hey and welcome back to our 8^th community thread! Every week, we'll have a new topic.   ##Video Games  *Some questions to get us started:*   - What game(s) are you currently playing? - What yet to be released game are you most hyped for? - All time favorite single player game? - All time favorite multiplayer game? - What systems do you play on, which do you prefer?  - Got any cool screenshots?   --- If you would like to suggest an idea for a future Community Thread, post it as a reply to the stickied comment below.  See past threads, user made thread & learn more about scheduled threads [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/CasualConversation/wiki/schedule)!  Remember to keep it civil and on topic and respect your fellow users :)  --- ^(If you have any sub related questions or concerns, please direct them to our) [^modmail.](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FCasualConversation#mods)"	cc
Help I have no more friends to talk to. My girlfriend doesn’t understand either. I haven’t been to school in three weeks because I have just given up. Dropping out is my only option right now and I don’t want to do that. I want to end it but I am afraid of pain and death. I also don’t want anyone to be sad about it. I have nothing.	sw
[Serious] What forums or places for venting online are good for depression? X-post from AskReddit	sw
"I don't want to die but I don't know how to live either I'm almost turning 18. That means I will have to pay for my own insurances and bills soon. It's not a problem for normal students, they earn enough by working in a supermarket three days a week. But not me.. I have crippling social anxiety. I have a small job, delivering newspapers all day every day. It's just enough to pay for my insurance.  My parents want me to go find a better job but I'm terrified. I used to work as a help chef in the kitchen for a good restaurant but my social anxiety made me feel like I wasn't worth it and the kitchen staff bullied me so I quit. I tried.. I can't do it. I can't find another job. I can't earn money. I can't afford school.  I feel so guilty, I should have been successful by now, Instead I'm a pathetic loser. I don't want to be a burden to my parents anymore.. So I think I will kill myself on my 18th birthday and do everyone a favor. I have never even accomplished my dreams, but I feel like there's no other way to solve this problem.  Maybe you guys know another solution. Please don't suggest therapy because I can't afford that. Thank you and I'm sorry. "	sw
"turmoil just venting.. i keep going back to the idea that im a failure for not being able to go through with it. i tie the little rope i made around my neck, i pull on it hard, but i can't seem to take the next step. i cut my inner thigh, deeper and deeper and lately i've been touching the blood more and it's very very calming. fuck, i just can't stop. then, i sicken myself and watch the most degrading stuff i can find.. not sure why, but i like to see girls put in positions i've experienced.. but it's never the same. of course not, its fake. and it doesn't make me feel better, just numb. then, i go back to my rope and knifes :/   can't go on this way"	sw
I want another answer but there doesn't seem to be one The only reason why I haven't ended it yet is because no matter how badly I want to end it all there is this feeling at the very core of me that thinks there is a better option but I don't know what that is. I really don't want to hit 10 years of wanting to kill myself.	sw
I really want to find some online friends. 	sw
"feeling guilty/ ""hanging in there"" is the same as a gambling addiction i post on here so much like an attention whore. and no matter how kind you guys are, how helpful you all are, i still feel shitty again. people have it way worse than me i have no right to complain.  being suicidal makes me feel like a gambler. everyday i put all my money on the idea that today is when that magical 'around the corner' day arrives and things start getting better. the day everyone tells me to ""hang in there"" for. every fucking day i lose.  theres only so much loss one person can take. eventually, soon, ill do it. probably with a gun because i dont want to feel pain, but i dont want to leave a mess either. maybr ill get drunk then go outside and freeze to death. i heard thats pretty painless and the alcohol makes you feel warm regardless.  one day. one day when i stand up for myself and kill myself. but until then im just a pathetic whiney piece of shit."	sw
"This is fucking unbearable Literally everything I think about just proves that the only solution is to blow what little brains I have off of my oversized head with a shotgun.  Living is stupid and I had to spend 50 minutes counting in binary just to be distracted enough to not punch anything. I spent the day away from my friend and she doesn't seem to have given a shit, so I'll continue testing until we barely talk, then I'll kill myself and everything will be fine  Peace out fuckers, I'm off to have a wank"	sw
"I am on a greyhound bus for the next 6-7 hours, listening to rap and all i plan to do is reddit the whole trip, whats up? I am currently leaving rehab and on my way back home to Alaska after 2 months in treatment, Im open to talk about anything because i have nothing to do on this long ass bus ride."	cc
"The Last Frontier I have decided that there's no reason for me to die just as I am right now. First, I'm going to make sure I'm totally fucked. I am going to up and ""disappear"" using my last pennies to move to the last frontier and see something new before I die. May as well, I mean why not.  My heart is broken, and it's not the kind of broken where it was a simple break up I'll get over in a few months. My heart is broken for this world. My heart is broken for my children, for my narcissist ex-husband who didn't ask to be the way he is, my heart is broken for every one of you who goes through these suicidal thoughts daily. My heart is broken for anyone who has loved or hated, or felt confined because of money.   No matter what I'm doing, no matter who I'm talking to, I never stop thinking about my life ending. I can be smiling and talking to my son about a video game and it's still there. It's like a countdown to freedom.  No one ever took the time to get to know me. My husband, the man I chose to trust my life to, didn't know me, he didn't care to. I have always had this need in me to roam, I am not good at staying put. Circumstances in my life have rendered that impossible, and I know my life will never be satisfying if it continues the way it is. My kids deal with a parent who's there, but not there. I hear nothing they say, I have nothing in common with them, and my oldest is showing signs of narcissism just like my husband had. I don't know how to fix it, I only feel sorry for him.  The miscommunication and awful endings to friendships and love that I have witnessed seem so minor. I always wonder if anyone loves strongly, or really loves at all, and why people don't try harder to keep people near them.  I have two choices at this point, I can shoot myself in the head with my 9mm and die having not seen anything and not have lived a fulfilling life, or I can go out and see the United States, take my children for the road trip of their lives for the entire summer and off myself once they're back at school. My need to roam will have been fulfilled, and I won't need to worry about struggling anymore. I just don't belong, no matter who I meet I don't relate.   To my husband- I love you. I hate that you will never know what it feels like to love someone, it's the most sad thing I can imagine. You were the only person I ever wanted to be with even though I couldn't 'fix' you.  To my kids- I love all of you so much. I wish that I could have been a better parent and given you the life you deserve. I am sorry for any suffering I will put you through by doing this. I know you will all grow up to be good people, I am truly sorry.   Our last stop will be Alaska. By the time we reach our destination, I will be broke. Every person I knew will be 3000 miles away, every penny will be spent, and it will be over for me. This is going to be the best summer of my entire life.        "	sw
"A person gave me their number and I feel bad. So yesterday I was doing a volunteer thing and one of the people I was helping was nice. He left but like ten minutes later he comes back and requests to talk with me. He started off with ""I knew I would regret it if I didn't"" and he handed me his number an a small piece of paper. Shocked I just took it, and I had to say the ""I have a boyfriend"" thing. And I said just ""maybe just friends?"" and he said yeah sure with a smile. I couldn't see it, but I knew he was crushed. I feel flattered, but I feel bad that he worked up the courage, and it amounted to nothing. He was pretty young too, maybe four or five years younger than me. I still have the number, and I'm thinking of texting him because it might be rude not to? But maybe better to just let it lie. What do you think?"	cc
"Why do so many of us want to die? I might be asking on the wrong subreddit but I also have suicidal thoughts. My reasons are probably way less severe than any of yours. I feel worthless, That I have nothing to contribute. No special skills or talents, no interest. No one needs me since they have others. I can't study since I hate myself so much and I can't find work unless I get a degree in something. The competition for low-end jobs is tough since even those need certain degrees. I still live with my mom when most others live on their own. She is a bit tricky to live with. I don't think she is noticing how bad I feel. She wants me to do more when I already feel like I'm at my limit. I wrote a will yesterday but I haven't decided yet if I'm gonna do it or not. Sorry if it's not convincing. I get that. It's just another thing that I'm apparently worthless at.   So what are your reasons?  Hope I'm not breaking any rules. I'm only asking for the reasons not the methods. "	sw
"OFC I am back... anybody have reasons to keep living? I have once again reached my limits and struggle to find reasons to keep going. I don't enjoy anything but playing magic the gathering... I hate being with my family or in large groups... school used to be ok but now it is just tedious to get up in the morning and hardly challenging anymore. I struggle to sleep 4-5 hours on the weekdays and find myself faking being sick because I am too exhausted to go to school. Most of my ex-good friends I don't hang out with anymore and the couple I still have can hardly play mtg with me on the weekends. In general, life just sucks. Today I came to the realization that God doesn't give a shit about me otherwise my dad would be alive and all my grandparents. I have people telling me they love me but I just feel like a burden on the people I am close with. My mom likes to remind me that I don't do anything anymore and used to be super active in clubs like debate and soccer but quit both to make time for the other and then quit debate after my hospitalization. At this point, I don't have a girlfriend but really wish I did. The only problem is I am a pussy and won't ask the girl I like out because it will either make me too happy, I'll ruin someone else's life or the fact that I am terrible with girls. I just wish I had someone to hug and snuggle up to me, but I don't.  Edit: sorry for the shit grammer jsut dont care anymore "	sw
"This may be it So my friend decided I should come over to drink with her. I said yes. Unfortunately this is what she said.   ""One condition: no sadness. I'm trying to chill tonight. I don't mean to be insensitive. It's just that you talking makes me want to talk & I don't talk to people. That's why I always drink. So yeah, if you don't mind.""  Like man. Just say you don't want to listen to me vent anymore. Just say I am a waste of your ""good vibes"". You of all people should know I've been dealing with shit since I was young. Hence why you're the few people I found comfort in. Now I can't find it in anyone else. I can't. I fucking can't. My other friend said what I was doing is ""childish"" and that I was seeking ""attention"". My own fucking friends. The only two that I've had...now I have no one. And don't tell me to find someone to anchor because I lost them.  All because of me... Because of me.. I've made a slit going ""down the road"", but I didn't go deep enough. Well time to make some changes.  First the man I loved ghosted me, then now my own friend practically doesn't want me around her with my negativity? Fuck. At this point I have nothing to lose, because all is lost..all is fucking lost...  I know for a fact that there'll be people missing me, but I also know for a fact there'll be tons who'd forget my name and who I was...well..I guess this is goodbye..."	sw
Anyone else do “spring cleaning” on their profile? As in delete some comments here and there and posts here and there? I like to cut my down every once in awhile. I don’t care about every comment I ever made so why keep it? I’ll keep the comment for a month or so and then get rid of it later on. Some comments I’ll keep though.   Yes I know about the bookmark but I use that for other people’s comments and posts and not my own.   Edit: I’ll also go through my sub list and get rid of places I haven’t viewed in awhile and maybe add one or two. 	cc
"husband lost his keys, now I have to stay up he is really disorganized. he lost them a couple of days ago and I needed my keys today so he couldn't take mine. now he's still at school studying and i am exhausted, already in bed with my 7mo daughter sleeping beside me. i really want to fall asleep too, but then my husband went be able to get inside. so I'm just here. lying in the dark. hoping I won't fall asleep..   what's going on with you?"	cc
"I am so happy that I finally found an old book of mine! Basically, I was looking for an old book called America Compared by Carl J. Guarneri (Volume I: To 1877) and I had almost given up hope of finding it when my dad found it in the garage of my house. Basically, I and my mom checked our garage thoroughly but apparently there was at least one box that we forgot to look in.  Anyway, I am so extremely happy for this development! Indeed, I am now going to read this book from start to finish! :)"	cc
"It's My Bday and I Want to Die Tomorrow is my 32nd birthday, and I want to commit suicide. I've had these thoughts since I was about 8 or 9, and I'm feeling tired and very meaningless. It's getting harder and harder to fight the thoughts. I have a young son (2 years old) and he's the only reason I haven't done it yet. Now I am thinking that if I want to do something this traumatic, maybe I should do it before he is old enough to remember me and how much of a fuck up I am.  I am considering doing it on my birthday because I am tired of living and seeing new years come and go with the same depressed, meaningless life. I am ""successful"" I guess by other people's definition - I'm a librarian and actually like my job, I have a boyfriend and a son, and we have a home. But my boyfriend is emotionally withdrawn (he uses affection and emotion like currency) and treats me differently from day-to-day. I am starting to buckle under the pressure of being the primary caregiver (financial and physical), and all I see stretched out before me is a numb life of catering to others. I feel very disposable and like there may be something better - more peaceful - in death. Just wanted to share just in case I actually go through with this."	sw
"Facebook is reading my emails. I sent an email to a colleague, and in the text was mentioned a name of a company. Next thing I know, I'm seeing ads all over Instagram from that company.  I mean why, just why."	cc
"I have a life insurance policy and my spouse is entitled to military survivor benefits. My life insurance policy isn't much ($10,000), although my suicide would be connected to my PTSD disability rating. My wife and I are separated, and she will be filing for divorce. If I take my life prior to that point, she's entitled to $1,200 a month, indefinitely. I also have some money to give to friends and family, from savings so that most everyone would get a little bit to help them along. I've lived a difficult but okay life, and think that this could be a gift to a lot of people, but my (soon to be ex) wife would have to process the claim with intent, determination, and actually claim the money. I'd have to mention it in the will, but it seems like the best option. Yes, I'm in therapy. Yes, I'm on meds. Etc."	sw
"I think this is it I don't normally threaten to kill myself or say that I'm going to, but I think the time has finally come. Life is just so hard and everything hurts so much and I just can't take it anymore. There's a bridge a couple blocks from my place and I think within the next hour or two I'll be little more than a smudge on the sidewalk. I tried to get therapy but after multiple failed attempts just to set up an appointment I give up. Don't tell me it'll get better its been this way for probably half my lifetime and only gotten worse, so if it ever actually does get better life has a pretty fucked up sense of humor. I have family and friends but I just feel so alone, I'm broken and I can't even bring myself to open up about it. I'm putting a note in my inside pocket that I think has enough to satisfy all of my closest friends/family and while I know nothing will ever be enough hopefully my letter will mean something. I don't want this to be goodbye but everything must come to an end, some things just a little faster than others. "	sw
"If I was sure there was nothing after death then I would definitely kill myself Who else wishes there really was nothing at all after death? The idea of life after death sounds somehow horrible to me, like all I wanna do is die and not be conscious anymore."	sw
"Tired I woke up wanting to die just tired.  It's not a bad feeling, feels like a warm blanket. I prefer it to waking up feeling lonely. I've been waking up feeling like this since I was 19 trying for my first degree (i stopped going to school).  I'm 23 now I've had a ton of friends work experience and I still want to die.  My family will be okay I just don't want them to have find my body.  I don't feel like I'm in pain or everything is terrible I just feel tired you know? "	sw
What did you do after you graduated college? I really wasn't sure where to post this question but since I wanted to have a discussion I thought why not here! I'm more so interested in people that graduated in the 80's/90's since now people are so accustomed to going to work right after college but i was wondering in those days people did other things after their studies	cc
"A friend told me I feel never feel any remorse today Today a very close friend made an observation that I trend heavily towards being very cold and unforgiving, and I’m kind of having a hard time grappling with it.   I am a very kind person; never vengeful and never purposely offensive to anyone. I’m always polite and I think empathy is a strong suit for me. So you can imagine my disdain when, after an uncharacteristic poorly timed joke from me and subsequent apology, my friend told me that he thinks I’ve never truly felt remorse for anything.   I’ve been thinking about it all day and I think maybe he’s right. I used to be incredibly depressed in high school and since being in college I’ve been doing much better, but with an apparent side effect of being too clinical, apparently to a fault. I feel almost no feelings, good or bad. When I get rejected by women I’m interested in, I feel nothing. I don’t miss anyone, and I don’t feel affection for anyone.   I could pack up and leave tomorrow and never think about my friends twice, just as I did with my high school friends when I left high school.   Do any of you feel this? Am I insane? What’s wrong with me? "	cc
"Circle of Trust was an interesting experiment. But not a ""fun"" one. I think Reddit really spoiled us with the /r/thebutton, and /r/place .  /r/Circleoftrust was intesting *and* boring for users.  **Interesting** because eventually ever circle, no matter how much effort was put on it, would be betrayed around ~100 member. By the end of the event, a few circles with +200 members existed (also betrayed). So basically, don't trust over a hundred people at the same time in the Internet.  **Boring** because there wasn't any chat, any notification of new members **with their names**, and a limit to betrayals. It would be interesting if people held their betrayals. It would definitely get some charity circles a lot of members before being betrayed.  ---  I really didn't want a new /r/place , but I hoped for something that would be more engaging. We did /r/brasil circleoftrust, where I would invite people that post in our subreddit, but it was *really boring* to manually invite people.  What do you think? [Could the Circle be unbroken](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0e4Crth_Hb8) and fixed with some changes? Was the whole concept was failed for a fun experiment?"	cc
I'm sorry I was never enough for any of you goodbye 	sw
"I think tonight's the night I think it's finally time for me to move on... I can't deal with life anymore, and I'm not one to say, ""I can't."" I don't see myself going anywhere in my life. When I look around me at people my age, they're all doing something... Following a passion or working or raising a kid. I don't feel as if I'll fit in anywhere... No matter what I do. I'm going on a drive now"	sw
"Had a bad day and posted to Free Compliments... no one noticed lol. Which is fine, how are yall today? Sometimes I accidentally make my day worse by doing self sabotaging things. Do yall? (And I'm starting to think maybe it's not accidental, maybe I sabotage on purpose). Hmm. How is everyone? If you're having a bad day, can I make it better?^__^"	cc
"Bye, lil world Hi I’m just a boy who just entered high school; I have friends, good family, but I feel worthless anyway I want to kill myself and end my suffering, I think that would be better from everyone. My friends wasting time with me and my family paying for many things a nice school, but that’s just a waste if I’m gonna suicide some day and all that will become worthless. And I just feel I’m becoming a shame to my family from straight A’s to C’s and B’s, my friends are the reason I basically live for. Anyway I’ll maybe suicide now, tomorrow, in a year but before ending high school I’ll suicide for sure. Thanks for reading this and bye"	sw
"Where’s the off button for life? Honestly, if there was a button that would erase me from existence without anyone having any memories of me, I would have pressed it long ago.  "	sw
"I'm so tired I'm so tired.  I'm so tired of looking for jobs and being rejected by literally everybody.  I'm so tired of being told that I'm not good enough.  I'm so tired of worrying about money all the time and whether or not I'll have somewhere to live in five months.  I'm so tired of having to sit in and audit classes despite having already graduated.  I'm so tired of being used as a free IT guy for one of my former instructors, but if I don't help him, he won't help me by acting as a job reference.  I'm so tired of coming home to an empty apartment every night.  I'm so tired of taking medication just to be able to function on a basic level during the day.  I'm so very tired of everything.  Every night, I go to bed and hope that my heart will finally give out so then I won't have to wake up in the morning and feel tired anymore."	sw
"I hate myself more than anything else in the world Hello everyone, I have a depression for about 7 months right now and it's killing me everyday.  Everyone around me is cheering me up but it's not work at all  My brain is full of bullshit about ""You're an useless piece of shit who's can't make anything work and make everyone worried about you.""  I'm tried, I'm so fucking tried for this shit, I want to live for everyone who's loved me and even for myself who's a little bit believe in myself but man... It's so though.  For real... I hate myself and I wanna go away from this bullshit.  Reason of this post is I don't want to throw my bad feeling to everyone around me, I know they have enough shit to go through, I just want to drop it down a bit to some place that no one is known me.  Thanks Reddit, I love you all."	sw
"We are both bored so let’s talk about NyQuil dreams. (It’s a long one, buckle up) Flu season has been a real bitch this year. I got the same sickness twice, both lasting a week and a half. We all know the best way to escape being sick...that’s right people, that sweet green or red shot of NyQuil to send you into a deep sleep because everyone knows it’s hard to be sick when you are in a coma!   Here’s the kicker. Everytime I drink this powerful nectar, I have the weirdest dreams and I mean weiiiirrrddd people. Quick example: I dreamt I was going on a fun run in China but forgot my passport so I told them I invented fruit loops and they simply let me in the plane! This is simply absurd, fruit loops are awful (pardon my take) if it was Cinnamon Toast Crunch oh for sure let me in but Toucan Sam isn’t enough.  Thank you for taking time out your day to actually make it this far! I commend you for not opening and seeing the length and switch subreddits. Feel free to leave your weird dreams people, I know I’m not alone."	cc
"I am at the lowest point of my life right now. Crying my eyes out I am writing this in tears. I am probably in the lowest point of my life right now. I don't know where to go from here.   I am nearly 25 years old. For my entire life I've been alone. I never had any friends, nothing. I was the loneliest person you could imagine. I would go through weeks without saying a word, forgetting how my voice sounds. All of high school - nothing. Never saw any human being outside of school hours. Didn't go to college, started working as a software developer right after high school.   I learned to live with it. I got by, day by day. Learned to live with myself. I would spend most of my waking hours in commuting to work, reading, and working out. That's it. I was depressed, but learned to live with the devil inside me. Perhaps every couple of weeks I'd go through an episode of depression, but all in all things were decent.   I had accepted my faith and learned to live with the cards I was dealt.    8 months ago a miracle happened. A colleague of mine, which I had a crush on (but then again in those days I would get a crush on anything with a heartbeat) began flirting with me and asked me out. I went through a panic attack when she did so, but managed to say yes and go on a date (which by the way, is one of my proudest moments - I had overcome so much to go on a date with her. I can't even begin to describe what I went through before that date. )   We ended up together. For over half a year. I was over the moon. Somebody cares about me. Somebody found me attractive. I had someone to talk to. I was having physical contact with another person for the first time in my life. I had sex. I had a friend. My first real friend. The first ever non family member human being to come into my room. I shared my life with her. Told her everything. My deepest secrets and fears.   It seemed like she was so into me, that till this day I remember several conversations with her, which I asked how is this even possible, and if I'm dreaming the whole thing. She even proposed to me and said she wants to be the mother of my children. We had even started looking for apartments together. I swear to God this is true. I really do. I know nobody will believe, but she did. She got down on her knees and proposed.   But then everything went down hill. I learned people are evil and cruel. I was a rebound from her previous relationship. She was never really over her ex. She cheated on me with him, and lied to me for months. Telling me she's with her friends or family, while she was at his place.    And I found out. Turns out you can gain some kind of social instincts, even if you're a complete loner.   But hey, she said she's sorry and I decided to forgive. What kind of idiot gives up on the first ever person to show them love?  So I tried to forgive her. We lasted for another month. And then she dumped me. Over text.   Never saw her again. Tried contacting her yesterday after two months, in hope for reconciliation. But she's over it. She forgot all her promises of being the mother of my children. Of marrying me and living with me.    And here I am. Crying my eyes out.  It finally hit me - I'm back where I was before this relationship. I'm all alone, I'm depressed, I'm crying.  I work 11-12 hours a day. Money piles up in the bank and I have nothing in my life to spend it on. I will never find someone new, I am back to being alone.   Only now, I've also seen the other side. I know what I'm missing. I know what holding hands in bed with another human being is like.   What's the point. I spend hours in front of a computer screen every day at work. Hours commuting. Sleep, work, eat, cry and talk to myself.   I have no reason to wake up in the morning. Is the potential grief of my parents a reason to keep living?   This is the lowest point I've ever been in my life. I have no clue where my life goes now.   I really don't think I'll ever come out of this. "	sw
I sometimes feel like my sad thoughts are truer than my normal thoughts 	sw
"I put a deposit down on my dream apartment but I’m still anxious about graduating As some background, I’m in engineering school and I struggle with anxiety. I put a deposit down on a fabulous apartment in the city where I’ll be moving for my job. I still have to graduate though and to do that I have to pass an exam in two weeks. I should be really happy but in face I’m just nervous even though I’ve been studying really hard for months. "	cc
"New friends and conversations I’m a 43m, stay at home dad, husband, gamer. Lately I’ve been feeling a bit lonely and looking for some conversation and new friends. I have no desire to know every intimate detail of some else’s life and want to just chat. I’ve tried some groups that have the same interests as myself but all we talk about is that. I want to talk to people that are interested in other things and learn about them. I don’t want to sound desperate or freaky. So I’m curious if anyone had any suggestions besides the normal interest groups, or meet up groups? "	cc
"I'm Going To Do It Today Somehow I've Had Enough Today Was The Last Drop In The Glass First of all I don't want to live in this disgusting world everywhere there is corruption, violence, disgusting acts and thoughts. Life is unfair. They say ""you don't work hard enough, ""luck doesn't exist"". F that bullsh*t. It's fake. Nobody cares about empathy, emotions or what someone is going through. I've done no wrong in this life and life gives me this. It's unfair. No matter how ""hard"" I work nothing changes. I just have more money.   The girl I like doesn't want to talk to me anymore even though I didn't do or say anything bad. It's because I am a useless person that nobody wants or likes. She was one of the reasons I had hope, but now it's clear people don't care about me. If I died today none of my ""friends"" would notice or care. Only my family would be at my funeral.   I'm sick and tired of living like this in this disgusting world. Kids who were born into wealth deals with none of these. They live a good life. They're rich, they can do whatever they want. I'm sure if I was a rich dude she would be the one asking me out. I'm sick of money even though I have it. I'm not rich don't get me wrong. I have money, but why? I have nobody I can share it with. I'm thinking about going out and blowing it all out of my car. "	sw
"Happy Yet Suicidal Hey everyone. I’ve been a lurker on Reddit for a few months now, and while I normally don’t like baring my whole soul to people online (not because I fear being made fun of, but because I don’t like bringing people down with me that I don’t know), I’ve just been being eaten away at by my brain for a while now.  So I finally am happy. I mean, at least as much as a depressed person can be. I reconnected with my best friend, who is also the love of my life, and accepted that I won’t be with her ever, my other good friends are in alright spots and, like me, are slowly overcoming their own issues, and I’m living for things that make me happy.  However, it’s not perfect: my nana was diagnosed with cancer recently (lung that metastasized to the brain and colon I think was the other, with one lung on stage 4), and I haven’t had that really feel real yet. Everyone I talk to someone, something doesn’t feel right, and it’s not like in the past where my social anxiety made me feel like they were angry at me. More like they just don’t care, but I know that’s not true. I’m failing this semester despite the best attempts of my teachers to try and help me, and it’s because I fail to gather the motivation and hate my major. My parents are both on me about both doing well and being social to help my depression, and I’m slowly wanting to turn to drugs to forget I exist to take the spot of my poor eating habits I’ve had and still do.    I know this sounds selfish and like I’m not really happy and maybe I want what no one can have, but I’m as happy as I’ve ever been knowing that I have people I love in my life. But I still find myself thinking about suicide and craving drugs, and tonight I skipped class to just sit in my car and pretend I’m there for my parents. I feel like a wreck and a failure, and I have for years, but I am finally happy and still want to die. Does anyone else feel this way?  I’m sorry this was long winded, I just needed to say something I guess. And with all my friends busy and not wanting to admit some of my issues, this was all I had to not turn to my darker thoughts. Maybe this doesn’t belong here, but I just wanted to share. Thanks everyone."	sw
"i’m not gonna put too much effort into this this is a cry for help, loneliness has driven me crazy and i just want to die, i don’t know what to do."	sw
"My Thoughts. Just rambling. My mind, my body and my eyes. it feels like im walking in an empty vessel, just me and my thoughts. like im a spectator. often the thought of me being dead occurs in my mind and it freaks me out. its pops up from no where. When i work, when i go to train and even when im with my friends. i cant remember not being like that. it feels like i have become comfortably numb  whats weird is that i got no reason to be like this. i have a perfect family. Got friends i care for and a good job.  It feels like my whole life i have put on a charade. What could make these feelings bearable, cause i dont think i can sustain this for much longer.  Note: i just needed to write my thoughts down. So sorry if this is hard to read, my English is not that great"	sw
"Ranting worthless stuff Going to walk out on my job, I got a disaplinary yesterday and it fucking broke me. I can't stand the thought of going back. Don't know what I'm going to do next if anything, don't have any plans for the future as I honestly think I'll kill myself at some point. Even picked out a girder at work but well won't be able to use that anymore which sucks. Just cut my arm up not deeply just wanted to snap out of weeping and pain does that. Can't be fucking bothered with life.  Haven't been to doctors in over a year because they're fucking useless, 1 month to get a damn appointment don't even know if I'll be here in a month. When I do actually go all they fucking do is refer me to the mental health unit who then just ups my meds and does nothing else. Useless."	sw
"Work, relationship and life is just to much. I don't want to do this anymore. I don't want to have someone constantly disappointed in me. I try my best at everything and it's just never enough for anyone at all. Everyone is constantly disappointed or upset in what I do. In never happy. I don't even remember the last time I had true happiness. I can't focus on anything, I have no hobbies, I have no life outside of working and sitting at home with my girlfriend. I have nothing to live for anymore. I have tried changing my life style and it all ends up worse then before..."	sw
"After three days of migraines I am in a constant state of panic which makes it hard to properly exist After my migraines I always get really anxiety ridden, depressed and feel a general unrest in my body which is really hard to shake.   If I'm just relaxing, watching some funny YouTube videos, laughing, I keep on wondering whether I'll soon experience the visual aura and the migraine will pop back.   It makes it really hard to enjoy life. I also have a really hard time with eating after an attack since everything makes me worried and nauseous.   I truly hate migraines - not just while they last! "	cc
"I genuinly have fucked over my future life over the last 6 months Hi  Long story short, the love of my life told me she was gay 6 months ago and I spiraled into a deep depression sucking with it my good results in school. I went from B’s and A’s to D’s and E’s  I am worried that I will both fail my exams and not get into the field of study I have wanted to enter all my life.  I am absolutely devestated and don’t see any way out.   Life is not for me.   What the fuck do I do"	sw
"I can’t keep doing this  I’m drunk as fuck My boyfriend of five years wants to leave me My parents find me a disappointment  I feel like I’m letting my friends down I’ve been raped, I’ve been used. I’ve let people down. I can’t. I really can’t. I’m so sorry.  As soon as its summer break from college, I’m ending it  I’m leaning on liquor like the rest of my family.  Scars all over my body.  I give up.  I’m sorry.  I tried. I really did  Remember you’re loved Keep going I’m sorry. "	sw
"It's really hopeless. I tried everything. It started this year, when I realized everything was going downhill. It started with my grades. Then it snowballed into rejections. Now I'm sitting with here after getting my girlfriend taken away. To make matters worse, no college wants me. I know you might say, this is silly, just work harder. But, I don't think I can. No one looks at me and sees me as suicidal. But I need to put in so much effort just to wake up and go to school. Every little thing all of a sudden just becomes 1000x harder. My health goes downhill and I don't even know what I'm doing, why am I not dead yet after 11 tries? Well, I guess I should appreciate the fact that this subreddit along with my online friends from games and Twitter has been able to keep me alive for 3 more months now. Thank you. In 5 days, it will be spring break for my school, I hope that on the 14th, I will no longer be alive. Thanks, I just wanted to be happy for the last few days, I know, you might think I'm dumb but hey, just let it pass."	sw
Killing myself tomorrow I’m trying to pick the best way to kill myself. I don’t have access to a gun so I was thinking of overdosing. I live only with my boyfriend and we really don’t have many medicine in the house except for Midol and Sinus Relief Benadryl. I was thinking about going to get a huge bottle or multiple bottles of Tylenol and take all of it as well as the Midol and Sinus relief that both contain acetaminophen. Is this a sure way to die? There won’t be anyone to come check up on me from 3pm-12am so I’ll have that amount of time to die hopefully. Will this absolutely kill me or will I just end up in the hospital? How many mg of acetaminophen is sure to kill me without a doubt? 	sw
What do you think about to fall asleep? I use to plot out what happens next in my writing but I have it all mapped out now. I’ve got nowhere else to go with it so now I just kinda lay there mentally spinning my wheels. 	cc
"I get so angry nowadays I hate making mistakes already but now I'm getting angry at that, other people and almost any inconvenience. I hate getting angry so I tend to direct the anger at myself but that's not working anymore. "	sw
"I truly want to die I feel like its the only way to release all the unhappiness inside me. I havent been happy in at least 6 months. The odd part is that there is nothing wrong with my life. My family is nice, we are fairly well off and i have never really faced any large societal issues. But here i am unhappy and considering suicide. Millions of people want the life i have and would do nearly anything to get it. But here i am ready to end it. My life could be amazing. I am decently smart so i could get a decent job.  But instead i waste my time playing fuckin video games because i dont care what happens anyways. I havent been happy in so long. I just want this bullshit to end   Tldr: its not where i live Its not who i live with  Its not my school Its not my peers It is me i am a miserable sack of shit "	sw
"What do you guys think about ""A Way Out"" game? A long await finally arrived a day before my bday. It was like a perfect gift.   I haven't played couch co-op probably in years. Luckily, A Way Out made it possible. It's a beautiful game, but even with that strict budget, they made it look like a AAA game. The game is also much cheaper than other games. It is fun to play with best friend sitting on the same couch, just like old times. Brings back all the memories.   Did anyone play A Way Out?  How was it? Did you like it?   What classic games do you still remember?  What couch co-op games you still remember playing with your friends? "	cc
"I just feel depressed and lost There are days in my life where i just feel useless and lately i've felt like my life isn't real and i don't know why i feel this. I've tried to cope with drugs and just this year i was smoking about half a pound of weed a month. I thought that it would help but it didn't. I don't really know what to type here but my life feels meaningless. I have attempted suicide twice now, with my second attempt landing me in the hospital again and then ended up in a mental hospital just a few days from my birthday.The odd thing was that i actually enjoyed myself there during my last day. I had cuts on my wrist and i had to wear bandages for a few weeks until the cuts healed and all throughout those weeks people at school would ask me what they were for and obviously they knew but i never said anything. I just started community college again after failing misriably at my old college which was up in northern california, I just recently moved back home from there after certain situations forcing me to move there for a time, and Im sorry for all the rambling i just don't know what to write about since i just feel so depressed and anxious lately. My hands actually shake sometimes because i'm  so anxious at times. My memory lately is shit and the smallest things get me so angry idk why. "	sw
"How has your Sunday been? My Sunday ended up being extremely boring. I was supposed to go hang out with some friends, but that ended up falling through. Because of that, I ended up playing league and drinking most of the day. What about you guys??"	cc
"Maybe sumone can relate. I dont want to sing  I dont want to read  I dont want to be here  I dont even wanna breath  But my pen wanted me and i wanted you   Even when the darkness is on my mind i still think of you as my sunshine And theres no amount of clouds that can take you away  Ill love you always! You'r the only thing that gets me through my day  Drop by drop getting happyier with my thoughts  I try to be happy but my body wont let me   Its hard to find the words i want to say So let me paint a picture to help explane   Brother, sister down the road Yet ill never get to know Mother, sister million miles My niece and nephew just want to see your smiles   Please lord come take me away i just want to be in a better place   I didnt want to sing I didnt want to read  I dont want to be here I dont even wanna breath   But my pen needed me And i needed you, i needed you Yah, i need you"	sw
"18 and just want to disappear as soon as possible. To make a long story short, I feel like shit and college doesn’t make me feel any better. Aside from this, I’ve never loved myself. Middle school dropped my self-esteem to the ground and now I can’t imagine anyone wanting to be with me. I’m struggling with my sexuality and my parents are homophobic so I can’t imagine coming out going well for me. I tried talking to my mom about how I was literally about to end everything and kill myself last semester but I just got yelled at and called ungrateful. She told me that people go through tougher shit than I have and that her and my dad are too busy to deal with my issues now. I’m always there for my friends when they’re down and I don’t talk to them about my issues because I don’t want to drag them down. I feel like I’m at a dead end right now and just want this semester to end already so that I can have at least some of this weight off of my shoulders. I tried therapy for about 2 years a while back and it was working but my parents made me feel shitty for going because each meeting with my therapist cost $60, so they took me out of it because it was expensive. I want to end everything but I don’t want my family to have to pay for funeral expenses and have them traumatized for life. I don’t want to leave my friends behind because I know that my death would definitely take a toll on them. Last semester, I was in an even shittier place to the point where I actually walked around my campus looking for big buses or trucks driving around so that I could jump into them and get killed, but the guilt of scaring the driver and those around me at that moment was too much for me to handle. I do feel better now but I can feel myself sinking again. I just don’t know what to do right now and I’m lost. There might be grammar errors in this but I don’t care. I just want to talk to someone, please. I don’t know what to do and I feel like a lost cause; it really seems like I will only last 18 years if I keep this roller coaster of emotions up."	sw
"Would someone commit suicide if they’ve planned for the future? I’m asking because of my best friend. I suspect that he’s suicidal, he’s been joking about suicide, he’s losing modivation to do school (he loves school), he’s swearing a lot (he believed swearing was wrong just a few months ago), and he’s dreading church (he loved church). He’s just not himself, and looking into his eyes he looks tortured. He even said that his mom would be mad if he killed himself. I wanted to say that I’d be devastated but I was too shocked to say anything. I’m getting really worried because he hasn’t been on Snapchat or Facebook in days. I texted him and he hasn’t replied, and not being on his phone at all is very unlike him. He plans to go college next year because he wants to be a veterinarian, and he’s been working very hard to keep up his perfect 4.0 gpa. I’m planning on calling him tomorrow to see if he’s alright, since it’s 2 in the morning. I just wish I called him tonight like I planned, I’m so scared I can’t sleep. I’m especially worried because his parents are emotionally abusive. He is Christian so maybe it’s against his religion to commit suicide, but idk if that would be enough to stop him. I don’t know if I’m just getting really worked up over nothing or if something really is wrong. I just have a gut feeling that he’s not alright."	sw
Someone stole my garbage can... Who does that??  If it's anyone but this guy...https://i.imgur.com/aHqseMD.jpg I'll be super pissed.   What's the weirdest thing that someone has stolen from you?  Fleshlight?   Grandma's ashes?  Pet iguana?	cc
"Any reason to get up this morning? Oh and if it's afternoon or anything in a far-away country, I'm in Australia so... yeah "	sw
"Waiting for admission decision just to find out about incomplete application About six months ago, I completed a few applications to PhD programs I was interested in. My job environment was toxic, so I decided to quit and move home, just waiting to hear back from these schools. In the meantime, I’ve been working a part time job and put my life on hold.   I was admitted to my back up school in December, but almost immediately eliminated it from contention; I was really waiting to hear from my first choice. It is a prestigious program with only a 3% admissions rate, but I was hopeful.  The website said that I would hear back by 3/31 at the latest, so I followed up today after not receiving any information. When I spoke to the admissions counselor, they told me that one of my reference letters was never received. My application was not even viewed, let alone considered. At this point, the program has filled all of their spots and there is absolutely nothing I can do except reapply next year.  I realize, as an adult, it’s my responsibility to follow-up and verify, but I still feel robbed. I never saw an indicator that my application was not complete and it was labeled as “submitted”. I would’ve much rather been rejected based on merit than this situation.   Has anyone ever been in a similar situation? How did you cope? "	cc
Each and every day I think about it Today my girlfriend of almost 3 years (may8) broke up with me says she wants to be with other people. Never have I felt more like dying and I think I'm actually going to do it. It's just one second. One trigger pull. I want to have the will to live but I don't. I love her so much.	sw
"Do you have a secret wish? In my language, there is this way of saying that literally translate to *having a dream in the drawer*, an unrealized dream you kept for yourself, something you wanted, wished to achieve but didn't have.  I couldn't find the right way to explain it since I haven't find a similar concept in the English language and got a little help from google.  > This idiom means that you have a dream not yet realized, but that you can always hope it could come true, and when you want to renew/revitalize your hope, you have only to pull the drawer open and look at it and afterward you can push the drawer. Your dream will always be there, waiting for you. And you can keep thinking: maybe, someday..."	cc
"I don't get it I dont know how to start this really.  When  I was 15, my parents split.  It wasn't messy or anything, it just was. I lashed out anyways, and got myself in a stupid situation, where I let myself get raped.  I never told anyone, I never spoke about it, I did a pretty good job holding it inside.   Almost 3 years later, I meet this girl.  She was everything I ever wanted, and I fell in love hard.  We did 4 years at different universities, and still, through all that, we stayed together.   9 years into our relationship I proposed.  She said yes and it was amazing.  My life was going where I dreamed it would.  A few months later, I find out she's sleeping with my best friend, regularly.  I loose it, I break it off, I move home, I quit my job. I fall apart.  I am fighting depression already, and then I see in the news... the man who raped me, is missing and presumed killed.   I see his face, and it all comes back hard.  I'm spiraling, I cant sleep, I have night terrors, I've put on 75lbs.  I live alone, I have a job, and it's a struggle to force myself to go... I'm so tired, I dont want this anymore, and i think about how easy it would be, to go for a drive, and put myself off a cliff or into a wall just to make the pain stop.  I dont know what to do anymore. I'm just so tired..."	sw
Suicidal I’m really suicidal. I don’t even know what else to do. I have no one. I am so alone. I’m too much of a fucking coward to even go through with killing myself. I wish I had a gun or an easy way to just end it all already. 	sw
"Are there any events similar to Paint Night? Basically anything where you can hangout, have some drinks and enjoy an activity I'm looking for more interesting things to do on nights out, but everything seems to always fall back to either BAR or MOVIE,. Im looking for some fun activites that let you do something other than just sit around.   The relaxed nature of the paint nights is a fun change of pace. I'd be interested in hearing what else is out there. The one caveat i would put is it has to be something you can do at night. Me and my girlfriend collectively work every day so the more night activites there are the better"	cc
"Any good pills to take to off myself?! I know this aint exactly the right place, but there is nowhere else i know where i can ask this. I just want to know what pills to mix to off myself."	sw
"I'm just gonna accept that this is my life. I can't find a better job, I can't leave this town, I'm stuck, it'd cost me $2000 or more to leave but I can't even manage to save back $10 without my family scrambling to get it from me.  I feel like I work enough for ten people, and sure it got me promoted to manager, but did that even come with a raise? Of course not, all the added responsibility without any extra pay...  I'm tired all the time, I'm starting to seriously worry I'm not going to be able to afford to live... I already have trouble affording all my bills and still be able to eat...  I just wish things were different, I wish I lived in a time when having a college degree still meant something... Instead I owe $80k for a fancy piece of paper with no value...   Everyone keeps telling me ""there's no overnight riches"" but what they don't understand is that in THEIR era they had the ability to get a job right out of high school that could buy a home and support a family... I want that, I want to have a job that gives me enough to make it worth it, a job that might not ""fulfil"" me, but gives me the means to fulfil myself...  I guess I just need to accept my place in life, I was born poor and I will die the same. I know I'll never see the world, I need to come to terms with this."	sw
"I feel so bad for lifeguards at neighborhood community pools. Like they just sit there and they know that no one is going to drown when the deepest part of the pool is only 5 feet. It must suck feeling so useless, but that's just me. I've never been a lifeguard so I wouldn't really know anyways. Anyone who lifeguarded have any differing thoughts?"	cc
. I'm sick of felling like this I doesn't get better for me. In fact it's only got worse. I don't know how long I can hang on any more 	sw
"I’m [23f] afraid that my boyfriend [23m] gave up on life. - Sorry for the long post, tried to make it as short as possible but too much to explain -  First of all, this is a throw away account because my boyfriend is also on Reddit and I don’t want him to see this.  Me and my boyfriend are together for 6 years now. We met when we were 17 years old, in a club. Our relationship has been through a lot of ups and downs. He cheated on me two times, with two different girls. Yes, I know I should have left him when it happened, but he wasn’t really himself at that time, it will become clear later in the story. So I forgave him and he never did it again. (It happened when we were together for 5 months and when he was going out a lot and stopped going out when it happened) But that was just a short presume.   Also a short presume of his life. His parents were both alcoholics. They drank strong alcohol almost everyday, and would fight together where my boyfriend could see it. His mother had a liver disease and was clearly sick. His father was kinda healthy.   So after a year of being together, everything was going fine. He didn’t go out that much any longer and focused on his classes. On June 17th, we both had our finals, his father was supposed to get home from work(he was a taxi driver). But he didn’t answer his phone and didn’t came home, so my boyfriend went to look for him on the road. Not much later he found his dad dead in the taxi with a lot of police surrounded. He called me crying and I immediately went there. It was one of the painfullest things to see, ny boyfriend was devastated really. The funeral was so beautifull and sad.  Right when the father passed, it clearly got worse with his mother. She didn’t care about life anymore. She drank more and we were left alone with her. She used to drink so much that she couldn’t walk and would fall from the stairs. She woke up at 4pm and go to bed at 6am. We couldn’t go to bed before her because when we did, we found her bleeding on the ground. We had to call an ambulance a few times, it was so hard to see. We couldn’t work because if we left her alone, she would maybe make a deadly fall. Or attempt suicide. She used to cry and tell me and my boyfriend she wants to die and is doing everything to be with her husband as soon as possible. I think that was the worst my boyfriend could ever hear in his life.   Fast forward to 3 years later, his mom was terminal. She was in so much pain, she had trouble to eat. She was so thin, and no doctors would help us. We lived with all the struggles for about 3 years, with no help from nobody. We were both still kids and had no clue how to handle it. She died on September 10th. The police didn’t even tell us how she died, they accused us first, but shortly after they told us she died naturally, but no cause of death. We had to arrange her funeral all on our own when we were 21. We had absolutely no idea what to do so we called a professional, the funeral and everything costed about a 10k dollars.   My boyfriend was devastated and was in deep grief, but I didn’t see him cry so I think he is shock since then. He refused to go in therapy and he has no friends or family he can rely on. Only me.   The reason I think he gave up on life is because he just doesn’t care about his health or about anything at all. He refuses every help from a professional. He started to do hard drugs and soft drugs. Luckily he stepped off from the hard drugs because I threatened to leave him when he continued. But he is still smoking a lot and didn’t step off from the soft drugs yet. I tell him every day that I’m scared for his health but everytime he tells me that “he doesn’t care and how sooner he dies the better”. This hurts so much because I really love him and want to grow old with him. There are days that he tells me he wants to kill himself and when we argue he just leaves with the car and texts me that he is gonna end his life. He never really tried it tho but I’m afraid that he will one day. He doesn’t really look healthy neither, he eats French fries almost everyday and barely any vegetables. How can I help him and give him his will to live back? I really need some advice because I’m starting to lose my will to live too all because it’s draining so much energy.   Tl;dr: My [23f] boyfriend [23m] lost his both parents [55f & 60m] in three years. He doesn’t care about his health and says that how sooner he dies the better it is. I’m worried about him and want to save him from dark thoughts. "	sw
"I just wrapped up a project exploring the power of human conversation through photography There is such an intimacy in the photographer/subject relationship that few other interactions can mirror. When a subject sits for a shoot, they thrust themselves and their vulnerabilities under the spotlight. Baring all for the lens. Opening up to whatever it may capture, good or bad. Trusting the photographer's perspective. Being sincere and genuine in their expressions.     For the photographer, there is a reciprocal attempt to be honest with their subject. To try to capture them as they are.  To try to view the subject as they view themselves.  For the duration of a photographer's shoot, the world stands still. Nothing else matters but the subject in that moment.  Every ounce and atom of the photographer's undivided attention is directed towards their subject. They listen to their subject so intently with their lens that they sometimes catch fleeting glimpses of their soul.    What if this was how we conversed? What if we talked like we photographed?    I have been obsessed with this notion of conversation for the last few months.  Obsessed with how to approach conversation for a specific purpose, the benefits of conversation, the different forms it takes.    This photography project began with the intention of ""capturing the essence"" of various participants but it's since morphed into something more.    We typically began with coffee/tea, where introductions are made and the project is explained.  After 10-15 minutes of casual conversation, we move the conversation to the photography studio, where I shift ownership of the conversation to the participant.  ""Talk about whatever you want"", I usually tell them. And the exchange that followed has been one of the most powerful, most humbling experiences of my life to date:    In that dim and private studio I have listened to grief. I have listened to pain and suffering and frustration. I have heard ambition and I have heard passion. I have heard happiness and excitement and hope.  The hills and valleys of everyday life. I've met heartbreak and then watched blossoming love chase it away.     There is something so so powerful about an open ear. About someone just willing to listen without judgement. Someone willing to block everything out and completely focus on your life experience for a few moments.   Often times, the participant would open up immediately, with very little effort, as if they had been waiting for the opportunity to share. Other times, participants were a little more hesitant and had their guards up.  The balancing act was trying engage in that beautiful interaction without imposing.    Many times, the room was on the verge of tears.  Many times the room was filled with laughter, echoing out into the halls.  Many times the sessions concluded with hugs and handshakes and the forging of friendships.  Many times the participants would express gratitude for the conversation, knowing little of how humbled I was for being allowed that privilege and how therapeutic it was for me.     I like to think it helped that the participants and I made a conscious effort to approach the conversation at equal level, instead of some sort of saved-savior dynamic.  I was not qualified to provide any sort of solution or feedback to things they discussed, nor did I want to, nor were they necessarily looking for that.  I simply wanted to listen and to be present in that moment. And they simply wanted to talk.      And so I'd like to continue.  I believe we can soothe the suffering, the frustration, the anger, the pain, the sadness that consumes our world today, one person at a time.  One conversation at a time, one photo at a time.      If you or someone you know is interested, get in touch with me through the Contact page and I would be honored to lens you my ear. "	cc
"Don't know what to get my sister for her birthday My sister's birthday is coming up and she's turning 16.  I wanted to think of something related to getting her license but I'm just terrible at getting gifts most of the time.  I like doing things instead of giving things sometimes, but I'm not going to be there for her birthday unfortunately.  How do you all go about finding gifts most of the time?  I only ever feel good about gifts I get for people if I stumble upon them randomly."	cc
"Is there anything simple I can do for you right now? Tell me something I can do right now, a little thing that could help you or make you feel a little bit better. Besides giving away money or overthrowing your local government or something silly like that.  EDIT: I am going to bed. If there happen to be more comments tomorrow I will answer them of course, if not it was nice chatting with you. Cheers!"	cc
"I'm not 100% but it sucks nonetheless. I'm not a good person, I don't make good choices in life. The choices I make are because I want to see how it plays out. I'm a coward.   I've been depressed for as long as I can remember back to high school or slightly before. Suicidal kinda so so. I don't have the courage to do so, but here lately it's been getting worse.   Maybe this is just a cry for help, or maybe I just want to not feel anymore? More of a question to myself as I'm just typing my thoughts.  I'm married, I do love my wife, I have a child that lives with her mom and moms boyfriend in another country . I cheat, I have flawed senses of morality. I'm sure there aren't much, if any, redeeming qualities in me or my life.  And I'm 100% sure my work is not helping me in anyway. Possibly influencing my suicidal tendencies. If I wasn't such a coward I'd take the easy way out."	sw
"Let it happen. My last days, my feelings are killing me.. Hi dear reader. First of all, english is not my native language, sorry.  I decided to kill myself at Friday.  I'm 18 years old and I'm an idiot, i made a lot of mistake. I'm a shame of a family. I have a brother and tomorrow he will be 25 years old. He living far away from me with his girlfriend in another country and we speak at Messenger. But he don't know my deepest problems. I live with my grandparents because my parents have long since divorced. I'm not talking to my parents. Nobody knows my deepest problems, I told my classmate how I feel right now and I try to mark i feel suicidal, but he didn't get notice.   Let me tell you why I'm going to kill myself.  My ex girlfriend broke up with me at November 2017. Since that I'm going through depression yet I guess. I have very few friends, because I moved to another city when my parents divorced. I made a lot of mistakes. We met and discussed the past a couple of days ago. Everything was okay, I felt like she could be a friend of mine after broke up. On Saturday I was going to the party, she too. And I'm drank a lot. Very lot. I do not remember for this, but she said I tried to beat her and I said she was a bitch. I do not remember anything. They made videos and made pictures of me after I fell. I'm disgrace. I never drank it before.  She blocked me on Facebook, and when we meet random at the station she did not say ""Hi"" or anything. Nothing. She is very important for me.  What I will do: on Thursday:  - I'm going to buy flower for her ( white rose ) - I'm going to her house and apologizing  On Friday: - Impact. - I will end up with killing myself using a plastic bag.   I'm really sorry for this. I'm worst among the people.   Please learn from my story...   Edit: Please share your opinion if you have read it. Really hurts what I did. i'm shaking. forgive me "	sw
"Girlfriend Ignoring Me, and I Just Want To Leave I'm in a long distance relationship. Two weeks away from seeing my girlfriend she starts ignoring me. I feel like its over and I'm about to just jump in this traffic and end all this shit."	sw
Smile You ever just look at yourself in the mirror? You smile at first but the breakdown is imminent. Tears rolling down your cheeks followed by that hysterical laughter trying to reassure you that everything is ok. No? Just me? That was months ago. Now I wish I could cry. I wish I could feel again...Those were the days even if they were sad ones. This numbness I feel now is worst than death itself to me. *sighs* 	sw
Is the show “Atlanta” any good? I like Donald Glover but mostly his acting chops I don’t know how he fares comically. Is the show even a comedy? I have no idea. I like his music but I’m skeptical on the show.	cc
"Toxic family makes it impossible to get better Today I had a session with my therapist and afterward my sister called. Throughout the whole conversation all she did was remind me of the mistakes I’ve made with school and condescend to me about my job prospects and what a waste college was and about paying off loans. I’m aware of all of this, but she sees it as important to remind me constantly of how much I fucked up and how fucked I am. She also saw it necessary to call my interests in theatre a stupid waste of money, so now I’m too upset to go see a play I had been eexited about. She knows how to destroy the joy in everything.  I feel completely worthless after talking to her and I can remove her from my life or distance myself from her. If she wasn’t around, my life would be so much easier.   I already hate myself, I don’t need someone reinforcing all the reasons why."	sw
"I thought it would get better He told me things would be okay sooner than I expect. I expected things to be okay before my birthday.  I woke up one day and decided that if things aren’t better by my birthday, then I would kill myself. In case I did disappear then, I told him I thought the world was going to end on my birthday, but didn’t outwardly say I would kill my self. He wouldn’t know where I went otherwise because he lives states away.    My birthday is in 6 days. I was so hopeful, but nothing is getting better. "	sw
"Canadians make TV Shows Ok a little tongue in cheek.  I’ve watched Trailer Park Boys. :)  But, I just noticed a Canadian TV Shows category in US Netflix.  Any recommendations?"	cc
"Smartphones (#86) I have mentioned it a few times before, but I'll repeat here--I have a flip phone. I've had it since Oct. 17, 2009 and it has worked well for the past 8+ years. It's called the Alias 2 and [here is what it looks like.](https://imgur.com/a/IAffN) People are usually impressed by the fact that the buttons change depending on how it is flipped. Other than that though, my friends have given me shit for this phone for since probably 2011.   As smartphones became more and more prevalent to the point where it's rare to know anybody who doesn't have one, my phone has become more obsolete. My friends have given my phone many nicknames, include ""the brick"" or ""the toaster.""  I'm able to call, text, and take surprisingly decent quality photos ([example here](https://imgur.com/nbXAO2e)) and that's I really have needed for so long. Sure I can't get group texts or emojis (and honestly, since the IOS 11 update getting texts from iPhones in general sucks) but for the most part I have no issues. If I need to be connected to something I'll use my laptop or my iPod.  However, I'm very aware that my time for owning this phone is coming to an end. Even though the battery life is still fine, the phone has been giving in some ways. I can no longer text when I am at a subway station underground. Sometimes the phone will randomly shut itself off even with a full charge. And for a future full time job (especially since as a dog trainer I'll have to be in contact with clients and stuff) I know I'll need to get a smartphone to do that. Hell, I was looking at job postings recently a couple listed owning a smartphone as a requirement. I also should have access to Uber/Lyft as well and other important things like that which make life easier.  I just don't want a smartphone. I hate how big they are. I hate how confusing they are. I hate how connected to the world I can become no matter where I am. I see it in myself already with just my iPod and laptop if I have wifi, I am constantly on reddit/social media. I don't want to get sucked in even more with no restrictions.   I begrudgingly told my mom that I guess my graduation present should probably be a smartphone even though I don't want one. She knows I wish I could have my flip phone forever but as someone in their early 20s in this time in history, it's nearly impossible to do much without one. She asked which I would want to get, a galaxy like her and my dad, or an iPhone like my brother. And I honestly don't know. While I hate Apple as a company cause they are cheap and don't seem to give a fuck about their consumers, iPhones are so much easier to use. At least in my experience.   So I turn it to all of you to debate what type of smartphone I should get (with actual objective facts).  ^^^^^^^^^^.  ^^^^Trying ^^^^to ^^^^not ^^^^use ^^^^the ^^^^same ^^^^exact ^^^^questions ^^^^I ^^^^used ^^^^in ^^^^my ^^^^22nd ^^^^post ^^^^because ^^^^that ^^^^was ^^^^on ^^^^a ^^^^very ^^^^similar ^^^^topic  In what ways has owning a smartphone benefited you?  What's the coolest non-smartphone you ever owned? (if you have)  At what age do you think parents should give their kids their own phone?  What do you think of parents who use their phones/technology to silence a kid/baby when it is having a tantrum?  What smartphone should I get and why?  ---  ^^This ^^is ^^post ^^#86 ^^out ^^of ^^~~365~~ ^^360something ^^with ^^my ^^goal ^^to ^^have ^^a ^^conversation ^^on ^^here ^^every ^^day ^^of ^^2018. ^^Feel ^^free ^^to ^^comment ^^on ^^anything ^^I've ^^said, ^^answer ^^my ^^questions, ^^or ^^just ^^talk ^^freely ^^about ^^yourself ^^even ^^if ^^it ^^doesn't ^^relate ^^to ^^the ^^post. ^^I'm ^^here ^^to ^^chit ^^chat.  ^^It's ^^been ^^[13] ^^days ^^since ^^I ^^last ^^missed ^^a ^^post"	cc
"What’s your experience with Chatroulette websites? Was kinda bored last night and went on Omegle and found this other website BlahTherapy, where you either vent your problems or listen to others problems. Seems like you get much more interesting conversations on that site than scrolling through horny guys on Omegle.   What’s your most memorable chat roulette story?"	cc
What are arguments for staying alive? I really can't find any. 	sw
"I absolutely do not believe in ghosts or the supernatural or paranormal or anything like that, but I can't shake this uneasy feeling in my new home. I recently moved into my late grandmother's house. She was a very heavy smoker and so the upstairs where she spent most of her time had to be totally remodeled. The downstairs is exactly the same though. She died in the house and I can't stop thinking about it. I also can't talk about it to my family because it makes them too sad and I don't want to drag old painful memories back up. We all believe that she died before her time.  I've never had reservations like this before and I truly don't believe that her spirit is in the house or anything. I know it's all in my head but I'm having a really hard time falling asleep at night and I get uneasy at every little sound. It gets worse when I picture the basement below me and in my head I think that the sounds are coming from there but I know that it's just regular street noises. It's the same kind of feeling I get when watching a horror movie. My grandmother was a wonderful lady and I love living in her house, I think it would have made her happy to know that it was staying in the family.   Just FYI I am an adult living on my own and I feel like I'm being very silly. I'm just posting here hoping that someone can relate or might have some advice for how to make myself more comfortable in the home."	cc
"Company accepted my offer for bachelor work!!!!! Hey, so since february i am texting every company if i can do my bachelor work about their company and noone answered me.. Week ago my dad suggested me his old colleague from high school who owns pretty big company and i texted him.. Today the person from company texted me back and accepted my offer!!!! Funny thing is that it wasnt the colleague of dad but another friend of him who also works there.  Sorry i text it here but my boyfriend didnt get happy nor anyone else, so i need to share it here. "	cc
"I don’t know what to do Hi, I am sorry for mistakes, English is not my mother language.  I am a girl and I turned 14 few weeks ago. I started thinking about suicide about a year ago due to bullying at school. I love my mother and I am pretty sure she loves me too, but sometimes she probably doesn’t know how to make me behave better.  I find it very hard to talk to people and I am not good at anything. I can’t even do what I like (horseriding) because we can’t afford it. I am one of the top students in my class, but now I am too tired to learn and I cheat in all the tests. I have been struggling with depression a lot and I don’t think someone noticed. I don’t have friends and I will never find someone to love, neither to marry- I think I am gay and my country is really homophobic. I am also quite ugly.  A year ago, my mom started coughing. It never stopped and she acts like nothing is happening. I think she may be really ill and it makes me very worried and depressed too. I am scared. I love my mother but she sometimes beats me and shouts at me really bad words. She doesn’t believe me when I tell her for example that I fell bad or something hurts me(for example: once I broke 3 of my fingers and she refused to take me to the hospital). She says that not having friends is my fault because I don’t talk with them and I don’t want them as friends. That’s not true, I really try but my classmates don’t like me. They already have enough friends.  When I come from school, I am just home laying on the bed playing games on iPad. I used to read a lot but I lost all interest in doing something. I think about suicide all the time and I really want to kill myself but I am worried about my mom (I live only with her), grandparents and my two guinea pigs.   I think it would really hurt my mom if I killed myself but I just can’t live like this anymore.  sorry for the long post"	sw
"My opinions on the Pinocchio Paradox. Hallo. There was this idea I thought of a long time ago that I wanted people's opinion on. It was nothing too big, I just wanted a nice little discussion. However, I put that on rest since I didn't know where exactly I should talk about that. Recently, I came into notice of r/CasualConversation which I found to be a neat little place to talk about random stuff. I thought it would be great to be finally able to share and discuss about this idea. So without further ado, here it is.  If Pinocchio says, ""My nose will now grow."" he would be lying and this will cause the nose of his to grow. However, since his nose grew, he would not be lying and his nose should not grow.   I believe that the answer to this solution is, his nose will grow if Pinnochio says the special statement. This is because the nose only grows if Pinnochio himself is the one who is lying and note that the statement is said before the nose started to grow. His nose only corresponds if he is lying or not; it does not count the actions of itself either. If we count in these two factors, I believe we will have a solid reasoning that the answer to this paradox, will be that his nose will grow.  So er well, what do you think?"	cc
"12 Reasons To Kill Myself 1) I have just failed my class and extremely upset 2) I'm transgender and can't live with this anymore (hardest one) 3) I have social anxiety 4) I have obsessive compulsive disorder 5) I'm always depressed 6) I'm not healthy at all 7) I hate my family  8) I don't have any friends 9) I have no talent or purpose in life 10) I've never done anything important in my life. I've always failed. 11) Society won't accept my existence and will always keep making fun of me. 12) World is bullshit. There is always violence, terror, blood and death. It's not worth living.   Should I do it ? "	sw
"suicide notes i continuously re-write my suicide notes, it has gotten to the point where i have a pile of them at the corner of my desk and i have several text versions, yet i have never went through with it? strange."	sw
"I can't do this anymore. I really don't know why I'm even writing this. I've never posted or wrote anything on this site before. But I don't know what else to do.. I don't know if this'll make sense. I really just want this to stop. I'm losing my mind. Every single thing is broken and I can't fix any of it.. I want it all to stop. The loneliness, the sadness, the memories... I want it all to end. I held on, I kept fighting, kept hoping, for so many years but now everything is worse than ever.. There really is no hope left in this life. Nothing brings happiness or release anymore. Every fucking day is the same lonely hell and I'm sick of it. It's just the same cycle over and over and over. Things are just going to continue to get worse.. My twenty first birthday is coming up really soon. No one's going to visit me, no one's going to call. Barely anyone knows I even exist. I want that to be the day. I don't want to continue. I know exactly what my life is going to be and I fucking hate it... I don't want to do this anymore. I tried."	sw
How do you cope with your suicidal thoughts? What do you *actively* do to fight your suicidal thoughts? 	sw
One last memory... for my family. I'm at my parent's house for easter. We are having brunch with a lot of my family to celebrate. They deserve to see me at least one last time. Back at my college house I have a belt tied to a ceiling fan. It's all set up. All I need is one kick of the chair.	sw
I cant stop thinking about killing myself I have been obssesing for Hours. Im in School. Cant distract myself with physical activity. Im anxious af i think im losing it. And Theres no help. Its all chaotic And i have no control. Im completely powerless. Im just So So much hopeless	sw
"I've finally ditched my iPhone for a Samsung. First of all, I don't want to start an argument here. Each has its own pros and cons, it all comes down to the person whose using it.   I'm normally an Android guy, but switched to an iPhone 6S Plus, 28 months ago, because at the time there weren't any good Android phones in the market (at the time. The phones were either known for overheating (thanks to Snapdragon 808/810), sucky battery life (once again, thanks to the 808/810, and Samsung for putting small batteries on their phones), and has defects (bootlooping, easily bends, etc).   I just wanted a phone without any defects, has good camera, has LTE bands I need for Asia and North America, and something that would last me all day. The iPhone 6S Plus fitted the bill. It served my needs for the last 28 months.  However, I wanted a dual-sim phone, so I would no longer carry two phones, due to greedy carriers here. Besides that, mainly I also miss Android's versatility. You rarely need a computer (to transfer stuff). Also, I switched to an iPhone because they have Apple stores and authorized service center throughout the whole world, so I can have my phone repaired in the same day. But then I realized that we don't have any Apple stores in the country (the Philippines), and there's one service center nearby, and they won't service a phone that wasn't bought locally. Whereas with Samsung, they have a brick and mortar stores, and service centers here.   I decided to trade my iPhone 6S Plus for a Samsung Galaxy J7 Pro. A used 6S Plus and a like-new Galaxy J7 pro worth about the same. The camera on the J7 is just as good, also has the LTE bands my iPhone offers, and it has a bigger battery. With those, I don't really miss my 6S Plus. I wanted an S9 Plus, but I can't afford it.  It feels like the weight has been lifted off my shoulder. I no longer need to carry two phones, and I now have versatility of Android, back. Besides, I now have a bigger battery. Which means, even with heavy usage, I won't have to charge the darn thing for two days. I still have an iPad, so I won't miss iOS either  Anyone switched from one platform to another recently? "	cc
"I just need a little bit of empathy and someone to listen to me I feel alone. It's a painful empty feeling in my chest and I've already been trough so much pain. I feel like everybody lets me down. From my dad who abused me in pretty much anyway possible. The police not looking for evidence of said abuse, because they wouldn't believe my mom. Then my mother and brother telling me to shut up when I would cry. Telling me I was overdoing it. Now my boyfriend telling me suddenly he can't be there for me, though he might sometime in the future.   I just can't take being hurt anymore. I just need to get away. Or I guess, be supported. But it seems like an endless chase for empathy I either don't deserve or don't know how to ask for. I'm in therapy, but it's not enough. I can't trust anymore. "	sw
Why do I hate myself so much? 	sw
I'm finally going to travel! I'm finally quitting my job and traveling to Italy for a couple months. My brother lives there so I have a free place to crash while I travel around. The only thing is I'm nervous because I dont have any luggage/backpack or even know how to get to the train station when I leave the airport. I dont know what I should do/dont do or even know what to bring or even see.   I'm completely clueless after I land in Rome but I'm happy I'm finally doing this. Never traveled abroad or have been away from home for this long.   Anyone have any insight/advice or even things to do or sights to see that they would like to share for a first time solo traveler?  	cc
"when people say they care about you, its almost always complete bullshit People only say they care because they want the satisfaction of feeling like a good person; because the want to feel like a good person for ""cheering someone up."" When someone says ""I care about you,"" they don't actually mean it, they just say it to make you feel good, which makes them feel better about themselves and lets them give themselves a pat on the back and say ""yay, im a good person!"" No, you're not. You're a liar. You don't care about me, you only want to feel better about yourself because you think you ""helped"" someone. Well, do you feel like a fucking hero yet?"	sw
"Don't want a relationship, anyone else feel this? I'm 15 and I don't want to be in a relationship most of the time. Some days I kinda want one but most of the time I don't, anyone else feeling this?"	cc
"Let's talk music So I usually get addicted to music/artists in phases. Lately I've been lovin' me some rap, especially JCole and G-Easy. I feel like both of them rap about concepts relatable to a lot of people and can be pretty deep, especially JCole. I've spent the afternoon listening to his radio on Spotify, and his song ""For your eyez only"" is a heavy hitter, almost brought me to tears. What music have you guys been listening to today?"	cc
"I want someone to talk to, who has been here before. After a failed relationship a year ago I'm still having suicidal thoughts. I'm really low at the moment, I just need someone who understands."	sw
"How's your day/night going? I worked from 3-11 but now I'm drunk playing farcry 5, having a good time even though I'm completely alone. Listening to the history of China podcast also. What're you up to!"	cc
"I’ve decided I’m gonna kill myself tonight. I’ve made my plan on how and when. Now just biding time and decide to search the Internet and found this. So I thought it would feel nice to at least let someone know that I will be dead by tomorrow morning. I don’t have much to say though. I guess I should start with why, well this past week has been tough. I lost my home and job. Living in my ride was not all that bad and I had it better than most. I have had this feeling for years of just wanting to die and thought of Suicide and even attempted it but failed, that was six to seven years ago. I thought since I didn’t die like I wanted and having my family look at me like I am an embarrassment made me feel anguished but I figured there was worry in there somewhere so I decided to struggle for a bit longer hoping for a meaning to my existence. Unfortunately I found nothing and things are pretty bad now, this past week I’ve thought of nothing but killing myself. I’m tired of pretending I care when I’m just a selfish, worthless, pathetic excuse of a human being. I’ve did nothing but burden my family and I’m tired of bothering them with this hopelessness I carry with me. Death will be my salvation and I can finally rest from this life I’ve never wanted nor deserved. I’m not afraid of what’s to come as a matter of fact I feel like a weight has been lifted off my shoulders. I’m prepared. Whoever reads this post is probably the only people I’ve told of my feelings and thanks for reading. I still have several hours before I go through with it so feel free to reply. I’ve got time."	sw
"Is anyone else part of a religious family that they haven't admitted their lack of faith to? I come from a family with a few very religious members, plus a majority that claim to have faith, and I feel really weird in these times of the year, or when they bring it up in general.  I don't want to argue with someone about something that they will never change their mind about, so I don't strike out.  But I feel like I'm being pushed just a little bit further to the brink every year.  I know there's got to be somebody that can relate."	cc
"Let's be honest, the world would be a better place if I killed myself Thank god my brain decided to turn up the dial to 11 so now the phrase ""kill yourself"" is pretty much just repeating in my brain over and over again. And it's not like I can do anything about it because suicide takes courage and conviction. So literally my only course of action is to just hope and pray that something finishes me off first. But why would I be that lucky? Everything is designed to maximize torture potential so of course the universe is going to drag this out."	sw
"Anyone else get a little irratated when people have the same name as you? My name is a little less than average, but I hate it when someone else has the same name as me, especially when they people go by the other one as their original name and they give you the nickname."	cc
"Bucket List before I kill myself :) Okay so my life is beyond repair, I'm gonna try to be optimistic about this. I'm happy to find out the next mystery in life. This is what I want to do before I end it all.  -Have sex with someone gorgeous -Try heroin -Pop molly with some friends -Skydive -Try cocaine  Hahah, writing this I realize I don't really want much in life. Not much drive nor dreams.   Anyways, I'll update you once the list is done and I'm ready to go. Bye!!! Have a good day :)"	sw
"Here we go again Been sitting here crying my eyes out trying to keep quiet while contemplating taking what little money I have to go buy myself a bottle of fire ball whiskey ( favorite alcohol) and just find a nice high place to sit on until I pass out and fall off.  Tried to get in contact with the therapist I was seeing before and she won't see me now that I don't have insurance so pretty much feels like all my options are running short. It kills me seeing mom try to be positive even with how things are lately, how can she not accept things are hopeless for me and just worry about herself and leave me to waste away.  It feels like theres now rock bottom for me only an endless void that I can't escape from and at this point I'm ready to just let it consume me."	sw
"im an awful person for wanting to kill myself. i'm even worse for wanting to get caught before i can actually die. i want to kill myself. outright, i'll say it. i want to hurt myself so badly that i die. but i don't actually want to *die*- i just want to be caught and saved. i think it might be because i want people to know just how much i'm hurting and words aren't cutting it (i know it's selfish of me). i think it's because i want to be convinced that i'm worth saving.   i keep isolating myself, i'm addicted to drugs, i'm doing nothing with my life, my relationships are falling apart. i'm argumentative and i guilt trip the few friends i DO have into feeling sorry for me.   i don't want people cooing and going ""aww :( but youre not awful :("" but i want to be hugged by someone who understands and isnt just hugging me to make themselves feel better.   i'm getting off topic, sorry.   anyway, the whole point of this is that i needed to get it out there, somewhere. i want to try killing myself. but i dont want to actually die from it. what does one even do in a situation like that? how do i convince myself that i'm not worth less than the air i breathe daily? i dont even know if these are rhetorical or not. i dont even know what i want out of posting this. just needed to get it out there i guess. "	sw
"I usually lurk this sub but was wondering if anybody would like to talk? Feeling anxious about going back to work! Hey, my name is Cass and I'm usually just a lurker. I love reading the posts and comments and everyone here is so kind. It makes me happy just being an observer. But I'm feeling down lately and wanted to chat with some friendly folks. I had back surgery a few weeks ago and I go back to work in a week and I'm feeling a bit anxious. I haven't had a lot of help or support in my recovery and I guess I'm fearful of how my return will be received at work. I work with older women who like to pass a lot of judgment and I've already gotten snarky comments about missing work from them through text. Point is, now that I'm a week away from going back, I am starting to get the jitters. Does anybody else deal with this when being away from work and do you have any tips for combating it? I get like this even after returning from a weekend off!   Also, please let me know how your weekend was :) I certainly don't want to focus this thread on me alone, I'd like to meet some new people! "	cc
"One person can make all the difference. I’m sitting in a fast food restaurant in the midst of a relatively crappy last few days, treating myself to some ice cream. I recently learned my SO has been unfaithful, that I wasn’t selected for a position I was really hoping for, amongst a few other things. Anyway, as an employee was handing me my ice cream, they greeted me with one of the warmest, most genuine smiles I’ve ever received...and, as silly as it sounds, it really was the highlight of my week. Just really goes to show that one smile, one PERSON, can make every shred of difference. :)"	cc
"Perfection She has attempted suicide numerous times. No one would’ve guessed her true desire is to die. She loves to read Foucault, Kafka, Dostoyevsky and Gibran. Her romantic encounters consist of only women, but even then she hasn’t found a true suicide partner. She’s intelligent but problematic. Her looks would turn heads whenever she walks past by. Life must not go on forever. Dying young is the goal.   That girl is me. "	sw
Does anyone feel likes its too difficult to make friends in the digital age? It seems like everyone already has their own circle of friends and aren't interested in making friends and if you try and get to know them better you'll just end up reeking of desperation.  Social media just seems to be for bragging and friend collecting to show others how popular you are.	cc
"Went off the grid Today I decided to delete all social media and cut myself off from everyone. I’ve been struggling for months and it’s only getting worse. I’m in college, but I’m doing rather poorly. Right now I have no money for gas to make it to school, it’s a 50 minutes drive and my car only gets 17 to the gallon.    Another thing is my boyfriend, we’ve been together for a few months shy of a year. Friday we celebrated his 20th birthday and we got drunk (including his parents). He started saying horrible things about me, he called me suicide watch and started going on about how bad my mental health was. I had to brush it off and pretend it didn’t happen because his parents were there. I talked to him about it the next morning, he felt bad but that doesn’t deflect the fact he did it.   I’m just 18, I have no family nor a stable home. No money for food or gas, no one to help me live. I start a job at Walmart sometime next week and I know that’s going to take a toll on me as well. I really just want to kill myself, I’ve been depressed and suicidal since the age of 7. I think it’s time, it’s way overdue. "	sw
"Anyone else from the UK here? 21M. Been seriously struggling recently. Is there anyone else from the UK here?   Don't care about gender, age, background etc. Just looking for someone to talk to. To Vent, discuss our situations and support each other. "	sw
I hurt I'm 5 days off my meds and I can't stop thinking about hanging myself or walking into traffic. Oh my god my head hurts	sw
"No more, please... I'm ready... I'm ready... the burden I am to my family, my friends, or just anyone that I encounter. I'm just an ugly background decoration. I cant change anything. Don't get me wrong I'm not trying to be melodramatic I have a good life and some very good friends. I'm only 11 I'm always told: ""you're too young to be depressed"". Am I wrong to feel this way? I'm way too selfish making other people sad for my death. But in the long run, I know that they will be better not having me to bring them down and be worried about me. So I've decided to try to kill myself. No more, please! No more life! No more right or wrong! no more pain! I know it will be over soon. No... more."	sw
"I'm sure I'm gonna kill myself Hopefully today I will but I'm a coward so I might not. But it doesn't matter. Ill kill myself one day. Tomorrow today a year from now, it doesn't matter. I've excepted that ill never change and I'm to sick to ever live a life that makes me fill fulfilled. I'm not happy with any thing in life. Money means nothing to me. Objects mean nothing to me. My own life or feelings mean nothing to me. I've only stayed around this long cause im just a fucking pussy. To scared of not existing. Just as scared of living. I will either kill myself or live a life of nothing. Just pain. Day after day of this fucking insanity. I just really hope i can bring myself to do it. I don't want to live this monotony. The same thing over and over till I die a sad old man. I would rather die than that. I want to go walk a couple blocks to the highway and walk into traffic. My only options left in life are to live with my parents till they die cause I'm to fucked up to even work or to kill myself now. That I truly believe. Those are my options and i hope I have the balls to choose the right one. I think my last thought will be what evil being makes a person to just have them be born so sick in the head they can't even enjoy existence. So sick nothing can make them happy or whole. So sick they can't work or live a normal life... So sick they just burn and break everything they touch. "	sw
"Transferred then terminated on my first day. I must have spent weeks getting this job ready and I specifically traveled 8 miles both ways to make orientation. Suddenly I'm required to be there at 3am in the pitch darkness of South Yonkers. So i take the last bus there and arrive about midnight. I wait outside the facility until almost two before I gave up. Requested a transfer to a closer location and what I received was a termination, and to find there's no openings at the location I requested. So I lost the job I had to not get the job I transferred for. I'm running a bath now. Gonna have a nice long cut and hopefully pass out. Goodbye everyone. It was terrible to live."	sw
"30 seconds longer and I wouldn't be here That was friday.  Now it is tuesday.  My friends have now seen me to the edge and back five times.  And when I say edge I mean medical emergency, need for resuscitation, that's some lethal shit edge.   It's the loneliness, all the loss that comes with PTSD.  BPS.  Whatever you want to call it.  I need to fire my shrink today - this is going nowhere and of no help.  Currently waiting on a spot at a treatment centre.  How do I get through the loneliness long enough to stay alive? "	sw
After 5 months of needing a root canal I was able to afford it and got it done a couple days ago Today’s the first time I’ve been able to chew on that side of my mouth since November and I can’t stop smiling. It feels so amazing to be able to chew on both sides. 	cc
"Where do you find your news? What sources do you trust? I'm a Brit I should mention. I trust the BBC, channel 4, the guardian, the times telegraph.  For research my go tos are PEW research and gallop polls, gov.uk, nhs, CDC and police reports as well as DOJ and the BOJ. What about you?"	cc
Trying to drag myself on Wel I was doing better until my last friend stole the money I had saved for my life.  Just found out I lost my cash and she is now in a different country...was my only friend in 5 years..guess she showed her true colors..  I'm not suicidal yet..I'm afraid I might become it though since I just lost almost 3k..this was my life..this was going to help me in my new life away from my ex husband  	sw
Loving the sound of rain at night The past few months I've been having troubles falling asleep on time and would stay up till 7-8 am. Tonight is one of these nights currently being 5am. I've just had chocolate milk and have been listening to the rain and birds for some time. It's super calming and i guess i could easily fall asleep but i just want to stay awake and listen.  Do you guys like it when it rains at night?	cc
What is your favourite game? I have only really played racing games (and plague on my phone) like the Forza (r/forza) series for the last few years but haven't played my xbox for a while. I saw recently there are some really good racing games and sims I might have a go at eventually.  I played Cities Skylines (r/citiesskylines)too for a while. It's like sim city but amazing.   I guess I'm just interested to see what people are playing. It doesn't need to be related to any of the games or genres I mentioned.	cc
"That feeling when you're getting out of an exam And you realize all the stuff you forgot to take into consideration.  Fuck this dumb shit.  In my defense, when the exam was over, I had no time to review my paper. Nor did anyone else. There was no time where I was stagnating, and yet I had no time to review. Fuck this dumb shit honestly"	cc
"What band represents your vibe the most? Has the lyrics that resonate with you the most? Personally, I think [Years & Years] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hXTAn4ELEwM) is probably my spirit band. I identify so much with a lot of their lyrics/ band's aesthetic. Their music is the therapy to my internal monologue. [It is so liberating and uninhibited] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6nJCF01b510)  They're not even my favourite band - in terms of sound... but [lyrically they are the most poignant in my opinion] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H3T2RnTBp_4)"	cc
I went out of the way and spend some time in casualty ...just because I had a crush on one of the resident doctors. Of course he was busy but my term ends tomorrow and I'll be in another unit so won't see more of him. And the end he asked me how I felt attending the emergency and I almost felt like saying that attending it wasn't why I was there. xD  My friends tell me I should ask him for a coffee ! But won't it be awkward ? 	cc
:( people say I'm exactly the same as my dad. he is an alcoholic woman beater and this is who I got to look up to. I was so young listening to him beat my step mother up hiding thinking its me next. I'm 23 an depressed asf I cant even go to see my granddad coz my step mothers family lives down there. i feel im trapped in a life i dnt want to be in 	sw
"Had my doubts a couple of days ago, and it isn't getting better. I tried being strong. I tried living for myself after everybody around me left. I can't keep doing this. I can't"	sw
Good online chats for help I can't seem to find any good online free chats to talk about my issues. Anyone know of any as I am at a real low.	sw
"I just won the longest tennis match I have ever played. Won the first set 6-4, lost the second set 6-7 (2-7 tiebreaker), and won the last set 7-5. I am beyond exhausted and happy and just wanted to share!!!  Edit: Forgot to mention me winning that match helped my team win 4-3 overall :)))"	cc
"I cried I cried for the first time in 4 years. I thought I couldn't do that anymore, but they proved me wrong. My condition was becoming unbearable, so I tried to tell my parents that I was suffering, but they just told me to fuck off. They told me that I was just an attention seeking manipulative little shit, that I was terrible compared to my younger brother who is studying so hard for his tests right now, and that I should grow up. I'm trying my best not to fail at school with my assortment of mental disorders, and they refuse to listen to my cry for help. That pushed me over.   I just sobbed for thirty minutes straight on the floor. I just felt so overwhelmingly lonely. I forgot that my hands and feet tingled so much when I cried. I couldn't stand up, because I was out of breath, and my arms and legs felt weak. The thought of killing myself just felt so intensely comforting.   My hands are shaking right now, and my thoughts are a mess, but I just needed some place to vent, because I don't have any one to talk to about this. Everyones polite to me at school, but they don't really care about me. I live in the high school dorms, so my roommate's coming back soon, and he's going to be less than sympathetic if he sees me crying. Or anyone else in the dorms for that matter.   I'm sorry if you had to read this mess. It's night here, and I'm just so fucking tired. My assignments can wait. Not really, they're due tomorrow, but I don't care anymore. I'm going to bed."	sw
I wish someone cared I don’t have many friends. Certainly no true close friends anymore. I just wish someone would ask me if I was ok. Maybe they have and I just say “yeah I’m fine” afraid they’d treat me different. I just want someone to really care. I feel like I show the signs but people just ignore it or don’t pay any thought to it. 	sw
Does anybody have a fun nickname for the bathroom? My parents always called it the throne room (porcelain throne) and I’ve recently gotten into the habit of calling it the bat cave on account of my particular bathroom being dark and often damp post shower. Just curious if anyone had any fun names for their timber mills?	cc
"Even though I'm so young, I feel like I'm already getting old A few days ago, it had just occurred to me that next year it'll actually be ten whole years that I've been doing music, and it's just incredibly insane to me. It feels like so little has happened between then and now, and I feel like I've progressed so quickly. I also noticed that I can make references to people who are younger than me, and they won't understand them. And the nostalgic moments feel like they were such a long time ago, but it's only been a couple of years!"	cc
"I want to be free I want to free myself from all the misery life has given me. I want to free myself from all the darkness, but it seems none of it is possible. So I'm gonna plunge myself in the darkness until I suffocate from it. I will do and take anything and everything I can to end everything tonight!"	sw
"Getting a Gun I'm 18 so I am able to get a gun. I'm just worried it will hurt and people will find me and be disturbed. I don't want to do anything ever but I have to. I am too lazy. I am too lazy to do homework. I am too lazy to get out of bed for classes. I am too lazy to clean my room. I am sometimes too lazy to eat.   I just want to have no responsibilities and not worry about having no significant other to love me. I miss him. He was my reason I could live, but now he's gone.   Should I leave a note to my friends and family? Should I leave a note to him too? I don't want to hurt them, but I know I will, so would a note help alleviate the pain?"	sw
"I’m Sad and Lonely I’m a 14 year old boy that has been battling with anxiety and other problems ruining my life. I feel like no one cares about me not even my friends. I still haven’t even gotten close to a relationship yet but all my other friends brag about their relationships and it hurts inside every time. I feel like when I have a chance to get a girl something bad always happens that ruins that opportunity. But it’s not just that people always tease my about certain things. When I feel like I’m doing something good, I always find a way to screw things up whether it’s teasing from other kids or self doubt it always affects me. Also my OCD is also ruining my life. It’s about hygiene and it’s gotten to a point where I thought if I just end it all of these problems will be over. Depression has also affected my life every week thinking what if I just died. It would be easier after that. I haven’t told my parents yet and I plan not to. I just don’t know what to do with my life anymore. Please tell me there is an easier solution to my problems other then killing myself."	sw
"My fianceé's dog is getting old My lovely bride to be has had her mini daschund for 13 years. She's a doll and probably one of the best dogs I've ever spent time around. As we all know though, our dogs are always taken from us too soon. Ill be able to move on from her because she's not really my dog if you catch my drift. I'm just concerned about what's going to happen with my fianceé. This dog is literally her best friend and it's going to destroy her when the day comes. I'd love to hear some advice on how to handle the ""it's time"" conversation and the inevitable result."	cc
"Thinking of starting a journal I've never written a diary before, or had a journal. I think I tried it when I was a kid, but it never lasted long. I have pretty bad hypochondria and I get stressed a lot, so I'm mostly hoping I'll be able to track parts of that if I stick to writing in it. Have you ever journaled? What kinds of thing do you write? Has it helped you?"	cc
I think tonight’s finally my night I’ve reached the point where I’ve lost hope. Tried medicine and counseling with no success. Tried online dating for some intimacy and completely failed. I’m hoping I can find the courage to end it tonight. Going to get drunk and see what happens. Wish me luck. 	sw
"Never thought I'd post here There's this girl who was interested in me and I fucked up big time with her; now she's with someone else. Somehow it fucked me up more than anything else has ever fucked me up before. I'm obsessed with it, it's been on my mind for the last 6 months or so, I keep thinking about it, and I hate thinking about it. I thought I was a perfectly balanced individual, but I'm not feeling healthy at all right now. Yesterday I saw her unexpectedly with her bf, it felt like a knife stab in the stomach. Every joy I have is dulled out by that single fact. I'll never be with her. I've had my fair share of relationships, and I always thought that guys crying over girls were weak, but here I am. What kills me is that the way I acted probably hurt her just as much. I know exactly what I did wrong, but as much as I try to rationalize it, the pain won't go away. Today I looked up ways to commit suicide and I can't help but think, what the hell is wrong with me? I've been seeing other girls, but I don't give a shit. How can I be obsessed over this single stupid thing. I realized I can't talk to anyone about it, just hoping this will help me get it off my chest."	sw
"I just don’t want to feel nothing anymore. I’m a 13 year old middle school student. My family is neither going through or has gone through hard times.  I don’t have severe anxiety or depression. I have never taken medicine in my life.  I am a middle class citizen with a house in the suburbs of Colorado. I have everything I could possibly need, and most things that I want.  I have zero friends and really the only people I talk to are my parents, which I suppose is part of the problem.  I write stories and post them online where people can read them. I’m part of several video game communities, and play many video games.  The issue here is the one people always neglect to see when they say that I’m privileged.  I feel completely empty inside. Void of most emotion besides boredom and tiredness.  When my parents yell at me for doing something wrong, I don’t feel sad or regretful, neither angry or pissed off.  This started a couple years ago, when I was about 10.  It’s gotten to the point where I now have to fake emotions like happy, excited, or sad. I taught myself how to cry whenever I needed to.  When my grandma died around New Years last year, I still felt nothing even though I was close to her.  I’m not completely sure what to do about it. I’ve had thoughts of suicide, but have never had to chance to go through with my plans.  At one point in my life I tried to hang myself off of my closet, but the bar snapped before I could end it.  I also had previous issues with cutting. I still have the scars on my legs, and they refuse to go away. They are a constant reminder of my both ignorance and selfishness.  I’m a privileged white bitch with everything I could possibly want, need, anything. I just don’t think anyone will really understand how I feel.  I’ve posted this online before, and got called an attention whore and a disgrace to humanity.   I really don’t think I can handle this anymore, but I’m to much a fucking coward to end it."	sw
Almost over the edge I almost walked into the ER yesterday.  feel like I'm about to be kicked out of the house soon. So I've been freaking out a lot since yesterday. Also been drinking. Don't know what to do	sw
Big Ol' Relief Today I got a whopping 81% on a logistics exam.  Not an impressive score but this class is a soul crusher for many people and is taught by a tough as nails professor. Not to mention I also aced a my accounting exam not half an hour before. Today is going my way.	cc
"Am I in trouble? So today was my friends birthday and he invited like six people over for a small celebration. We had a blast and set up his new Nintendo switch and played some Mario kart and ate pizza. It's a chill night.  Well we end up squishing four people on one couch and two on a love chair. I end up sitting next to the hosts best friend and we start hitting it off. I soon have my arm around her and she is leaning into me. Now the host leaves to go drop people off because they weren't sober and could not drive themselves. That left the hosts best friend and me alone in the house. He got back and we were basically acting like a bad couple to third wheel with. After ACCIDENTALLY ignoring the host for a while, he said I'm glad you two are getting along. I apologized for taking his friend away and he kinda shrugged it off. I don't know if he was actually mad at me or happy that his friends were getting along."	cc
I got a job interview tomorrow! I got a job interview as a security officer. I am going to be an unarmed security guard. I am a bit nervous and I would like to know some tips or tricks that could help calm my nerves. What are your suggestions?	cc
"Why bother? I don't feel like I deserve the love I'm given. By friends, family....I don't. I'm just a waste of space. I have no talent, no looks, no personality, I'm boring, I'm annoying I'm clingy. Why weigh these good people down when I'm just so utterly worthless? I have nothing good to offer. My boyfriend can do so much better. I don't deserve him, I just drag him down.  I've tried overdosing a lot and it's never worked. I can't even successfully kill myself. What a fuck up imam. "	sw
"Something i wrote. Don't know if this is the right place. welcome to our tasteless lives we are fed with joy in a world of despair and chaos we are better out of the ground still smiling even though we're bleeding alienated but still laughing  is this how they do ? is this how they talk ? is this how you show me sympathy ?  even though you got it, it doesn't make you the queen of the prom we're dying since the day we were born i never do what i do know you're very good at ignoring me i'm very good at abiding  is this how they do ? is this how they talk ? is this how you show me sympathy ?  we're better out of the ground we're better out of our mind still looking at the beautiful sunshine i forgot my happy pills again  is this how they do ? is this how they talk ? is this how you show me sympathy ?  i'm a product of your sweet kindness you're a product of my stupidness"	sw
It's my birthday in 10 minutes And all I'm thinking about is that I want to kill myself. I'm really considering doing it. My girlfriend is out of the country. My family is in a different city. No one would be there to stop me.  I fucking hate myself.	sw
"A poem ,I’m not sure if this is allowed but this is my goodbye I have all these”friends” yet none of them talk to me , they all say I’m “im here for you” but never wanna walk w me.  I’m heartless and that’s a fact I dumped my gf and my grandad died but to no surprise I felt nothing now this deep nothingness is going to be my demise   I smoke weed to numb the pain the anxiety still gets to me fucks up my brain , my life is a one way lane and it slowing down now like a train   The last stop is the bridge I’ve already bought the rope it’s in my bag , I tried to talk to people but they just call me a fag and say “man up” deal with it or think I’m havin a laugh   I’m sorry mum you mean the world to me I’m sorry I won’t be , there for you when u need , a hug a kiss or a cup of tea   This numbness to world it has to stop , soon there will be a noose and slipnot on the bridge I hope it don’t snap and I hit a rock, or maybe I do then I will feel , because pain is the only that is real  -z"	sw
Are you ever scared of being irrelevant? The idea that you'll fade into obscurity and not matter anymore? im pretty sure thats happening to me and its scary 	sw
"I have a big regret in life, how can I get over it ? So the biggest regret in my life that I haven't spent more time with people in my adolescence.     I am 23 now and I have to go to college and to work. Other people around me are doing the same as well.     As a kid, I was very outgoing, but around 12 I started to change, I spent most of my time with myself. It's hard to explain why. Now looking back I wish I'd have spent more time with teens of my age, but I didn't. There is a 10 years period of social activity pause and that's a fact.    Now I don't know for sure, but I guess I'm beating myself up for nothing. It's like sure, people say socialization is one of the keys to happiness, but it seems like a ""grass is greener"" on the other side scenario. Are the people who had a big social circle as teens happier in their 20s than those people who didn't have a big social circle ?     I don't know, I wish to discuss this. "	cc
"What hobby or hobbies are you interested in getting into? I really want to get into photography. I've bought the equipment, but I haven't gotten the opportunity to really go out and take pictures of what I want to. A lot of what is stopping me is social anxiety. What hobbies would you want to get into, and what's stopping you from doing it?"	cc
"If you could go back in time, what would you major in? Currently majoring in biology but I don’t like the way it’s taught and I feel like I can teach myself all of the material. I wish I had majored in chemistry, not that it’s useful for my end goal, but the classes are more fundamental sciences, tougher, and still biology related. Too late to switch majors as well"	cc
"I finally learnt how to ride a bike at 20! I'm nearly 21, and have always wanted to learn. My brothers know how, but I never managed to learn since I grew up without a bike. My younger brother tried teaching me but he got frustrated and so did I, so it never worked out. But I and a friend in the exact same situation set out today, rented a couple of bicycles, and in an hour we were moving on our own! Faceplanted, cut my hands, bruised my legs and scraped my lip over the course of two hours and it was fantastic!  I know a couple other Redditors have posted here about learning to ride later in life, but I still felt so silly for not picking it up quickly. Going at my own pace was really helpful, so if you, like me, are still waiting, that's ok. Doing things in your own time makes it that much easier.   What are things you still want to learn?"	cc
"I’m in a bad place. I’ve struggled with depression since seventh grade and usually have it handled at this point in life. I took off from home after high school to a college 8 hours away because I needed to be free and independent. My heart is in English but I’m going to school for nursing like the rest of my family are. I can’t do it. I can’t pass my classes and I feel so incredibly stupid compared to my peers. I don’t belong here. There’s nothing I’m good at. And I’ve never been so unsure of my future before. I’ve never been a bad student. But now I’m rethinking everything. My parents have worked so hard to get me up here, and, if I’m being honest with you, we really cannot afford this university. But they believed in me and bent over backwards to make sure I had a chance. I can’t do it. I don’t know what to do with my future because I’m not good at anything, not smart enough to keep up with classwork, don’t know how to properly study, and tutoring has never helped me. I wish I wasn’t alive right now. I really wish, with all the times I’ve come so close, that I would have gone through with my attempts. I wouldn’t be dealing with this incredible stress and pressure to meet expectations I know for a god damn fact I cannot meet. I feel like I’ve let everyone down and won’t amount to anything in life. And I just wish I wasn’t here. I’m having my thoughts again. "	sw
"I can't take this anymore. But I can't kill myself because of my family. Please help I am 18 and I have attempted grade 11 twice even though I was pretty good at all subjects. Guess why? Because I bailed on my final exams due to severe anxiety. Now, I've gone and done the same thing again! Surprise, surprise.   I lost my dad under mysterious circumstances so me dying would be the last straw for my family, which is my mom and my younger brother. I can't live. But I can't die either.   I'm going to dropout. I'll be a bigger disappointment. I'll lose all my friends and education. I'll probably live as a bum into drugs before I kill myself. Please help me. I don't know what to do. I can't take any of this anymore. "	sw
"16F heroin addict. Let me start from the beginning. When I was 14, my dad injected me with heroin because I was depressed. I instantly became addicted and fell in love with the feeling so I asked him to give me more. Soon, I had my own heroin and I loved it but I lost so much energy and I felt like shit everyday. I was diagnosed with major depression, on top of anorexia and dyslexia. I cut every day now and take heroin a lot. I need relief from the emotional pain. My parents do not care how I feel anymore, they do not care if I cut. Every day I think of suicide but I'm terrified of surviving and being trapped in a hospital forever. Someone please help me. Right now I'm in the hospital because I cut too deep into my wrist and I cut into a nerve. They're probably going to find out about my heroin addiction, I'm honestly not sure if that's a good or bad thing."	sw
"If I could have a tinder for my hobbies, I'd be the sleeziest m8 ever. I'd chill with everyone all day all night. Is there such thing? I wanna hang out and do random shit with local people my age (18-35) like tennis or music or lan parties. Am I alone on that? "	cc
"Inaction Not sure if it count's as being explicit about methods, but the mods will figure out, I guess.  Something that was becoming more and more appealing to me as of late. If I'm so mentally fucked I can't do anything productive to sustain life, then I don't really need to kill myself - biological and economical principles will do it for me. No mess, and rarely do people shame or mourn those who die of poverty - those just wither away both from reality and from memory. The problem is, though, I don't have *any* money... I didn't ever have any money that were mine, as I've always been supported by my mother. And here is the thing: I'd rather die of starvation in the comfort of my home now than on the streets some uncertain amount of time later (when my mom won't be able to support me anymore). But if I just tell my mother straight away that I'm not going to eat today, she won't understand. After enough skipped meals she will probably send me to a psych ward. Yet I can't afford a place to stay alone for any lenght of time really. What do, what do."	sw
"Someone please help me die I don't have a gun to kill myself I need one so I can end this pain and suffering once and for all. I don't care I have heard it all before ""it'll get better you have so much to live for"" No some people's lives are just not meant to be. Please if you have a heart help me end this pain. If you were to kill me that would be even better because atleast I wouldn't have to do it myself.  If you really are going to help me  Pm me please."	sw
"Im really excited and nervous at the same time I am trying to get to a music highschool and it has an entrance exam (which is in about a month), and Im really nervous that I wont get in. There are 59 people invited to the exam and 30 are chosen to the class so its basically more than 50% chance but Im still very nervous that I’ll fuck up in some way or that Im not good enough. Im also very excited because I have dreamed of getting in there for two years and it would be a dream come true!"	cc
"I've gotten into the habit of not being able to work without other people around I have a tonne of work to do, but have only managed to do anything really when I've dragged myself and some files over to a friend's when they've been working at home. Usually I'm fine with music or a very familiar movie, but it doesn't seem to work particularly anymore. Anyone else the same?"	cc
"I’m so fucking done I am doing it now. I am tired of it all I have lived a pretty long life. I just turned 16 last week. I am ending it for good now, I don’t want this life anymore and I don’t want to be here. I’m done, thanks for commenting, I appreciate it, I’m going now. I hope all of you have a great life and don’t struggle or have to go through great pains"	sw
im gonna fucking do it and you cant stop me this time ive had enough 	sw
what was your first car? i’ve never had a car (i just turned eighteen) and i’m looking for a cheap one with low mileage. when did you get your first car and what kind of car was it? :-) 	cc
"The Brits use of ""mum"" drives me crazy. I can't be the only one who is driven to the edge by this. Mum? Seriously?  You can't use the ""o"". It's just over from the ""u"". Mum isn't short for anything except chysantimum.  WTH?"	cc
"I wouldn't mind taking a break from my life My life isn't even particularly stressful. You could even say I have a pretty easy life, and I wouldn't be able to deny that.  Nevertheless, if I had the opportunity to just walk out and live by myself in a cabin in the woods somewhere, catching fish and chopping wood with nothing but maybe a dog for company, I'd take it without a second thought.  Just walk out. Leave everything, everyone, behind. "	cc
"Envy I broke up with my girlfriend of 7 years... sort of... I wanted her to talk to me, all she did was work and sleep. Sex had stopped years ago, going out stopped, we stopped hanging out or even doing things together months ago. The same day we broke up she started dating a guy who was physically and emotionally abusive to her (former ""friend"" I kicked out of our life). She admitted to having sex and a relationship with him days after. They have literally been doing everything I told her I wanted us to do... I'm physically ill and when I tried to talk to her about the fact that he was physically violent with her she told me I needed to ""let her go"" and that ""she didn't care about her friends or their opinions"". It's been almost 2 weeks since then and I've been thinking a lot about how I envy those who can just let go of... life. It sounds terrible but I'm far too scared to do anything but I can't imagine moving on with my life. I feel more stuck than before and terrified of the future. I'm also being forced to move into a new city with no connections or friends... feeling very isolated and scared. I'm sorry if this is not the correct place for this but I don't know what to do, just felt a need to be heard. I'm sorry."	sw
Tattoos I've been thinking a lot about what I want to get as a tattoo the only thing I want for sure is the design on the gold records from the Voyager spacecraft and a few quotes that really hit me.  How do y'all feel about getting quotes as tattoos? 	cc
Going to try tonight No reason to live and I'm an absolute failure still. Let's see if I can finally finish it tonight 	sw
I wish I could just die and no one would be upset. it’s like I’ve been trying I go to therapy trying different medication did partial program and my brain is still fucked everyday I feel like a weird shell of a person I once was. I can’t even pretend I’m normal anymore. I’m gaining weight not able to care for myself I feel mentally fucked I just want to be gone like it’s hell in this brain . I love my mom so much but it’s like I can’t. 	sw
Feeling very disconnected from your emotions Do you sometimes feel very disconnected from your emotions? Almost as if you're viewing yourself in the third person. Like you watching yourself experience emotions which makes it much duller. 	cc
"Exhausted Four weeks from graduation, two weeks since I've fallen behind. Two weeks since I've turned in any assignments, have gone to class, have left this room. The thoughts live and breathe here, taking away from the little energy I have left.  His smile helps, but only if he's around. Weed helps, but only to get the impulses out of my head. The downside is I become okay with being bored, just keep scrolling... And scrolling... And scrolling... Not getting anything done, but just continuing the cycle.  I am nearing the bottom of the hole, I can feel it. I'm tired of digging, but too exhausted to pull myself out. It's pitch-black. I've forgotten what the warmth of sunlight on my face feels like.  I am already in the grave. Now I wait until it's time to pull the trigger."	sw
"What are you guys doing for the first time? I got done with the 2nd round of auditions for my high school's play The Laramie Project yesterday, and I'm really excited to see what part I get (If I get to be in it at all). It was a group audition, meaning we had to act out a scene with a group of random people and it was so much fun working with people who I've never even talked to before  I've never done any sort of acting, public speaking, or theater before but it just clicked the second or third time we practiced the scene. I'm so glad that my friend made me try out.  What are you guys trying for the first time? Have you ever been in theater / public speaking?"	cc
"I’m Deaf and I want die be freedom... Sorry horrible my English not so very good Well I grew deaf be have great memories back in 90’s... after few years later so bad thing happened and changing be different life . I can’t hear outside any world like music , motor , talk and.. more  I can’t talking and I can’t read talk lip so hard and confusing or upset  Screaming around on people trying leaving me alone be have own problem myself maybe so have mentally ill when I 22 years olds... after feeling bad hater any colors people trying bad jokes really shitdog! People is a crazy animals in world so can’t be my imagine...why lots change thing in future so very awfully and very weaks too... of course some dangerous, I wish have going die be disappeared will finish end my journey of my storyline what I Learn thing skills and making smarts too... I can’t holding staying here make worst my bad depressed hard heavy my stomach too My brain keeping think about want ready for suicide so After I die, is it possible to be reborn? Ahh yeah death is never pain again... maybe sleeping time be sweet dream peaceful my life will end time. I’m trying plan get gun ready reload one only bullet shot my head? or I making rope? Or what? I’m 30 year old now so very tired sick of life need out here of world! Never begging me trying save life? You can’t be understanding so I trying telling you about deaf people have hard time can’t understand and confused too be very scary never feeling any hide safe here  Hey guys I want said thank you so don’t please said back thank me... I want be freedom if I believe in any god up heavens? Or nothing proof? Okay I don’t care and I not afraid of death so neve pain again really walking away gone  I love you all best my man and children too.. I’m very sorry can’t holding stay more time... "	sw
I'm working graveyard shift and have nothing to do. Anyone wanna chat? One the one hand it's great that I have such a quiet night. On the other hand do I have to stay awake for another seven hours and my boredom isn't really helping with that. So does anyone want to keep me awake?  What's your favorite memory from highschool?  If you could go anywhere on vacation were would it be?  And what's up with vanilla? I can't stand the taste of it but it's in everything! Why?  Or whatever leaps into your mind. Tell me or ask me anything!  	cc
"Tell me one thing you want but ppl give you shit for. I want a motorcycle. SO SO BADLY. I heard the lectures of: ""bikes will kill me""...""you will die""  ect. I have a growing fond of beautiful and fast cars and bikes and I love to own one and call it my baby lol  What are some things you want but people give you shit for?"	cc
"Parents planning to move to either: NYC, Southern California, or Houston. Anyone familiar with these places? Hi,  So I’m a teenager, but my dad has a mech e degree and has been in the business for a while, and my mom is an RN. They are both pretty old but they have amassed quite the savings and they know what they are doing.   So my question is, what are your guys’ experiences with these cities / areas? We’ve visited all three areas and they are all very nice (Houston is pretty humid but I still like it very much) but some more information would be helpful from someone with more experience besides just visiting."	cc
"I want to work on self improvement this year. I had my review at work and it gave me a lot to think about. I am good at what I do but I want to work on a higher level of professionalism.  I also want to be less emotional and talk less.  It's so hard because I just love talking.  Also I'm an emotional person, but I want to keep it in check at work a little better.  Just wanted to share.  I'm sitting here at work biting my tongue because I seriously need to practice keeping my mouth shut!"	cc
"Still Here I don't think I will actually do anything but I am still here and definitely still suicidal. I woke up wishing I was dead and with my husband again this morning.   I am still dealing with health issues. I scheduled all my doctor appointments and have been informed I have to have a biopsy next. I am still losing a massive amount of weight - the clothes that were tight at the end of January are literally falling off me and I bought those because the clothes I bought in October were falling off me then.   I am in therapy and on Zoloft. I don't know that they are working. I still want to be dead and don't want to be in a world without my husband. I don't want to live a life without him.   I feeling like I am going through the motions of life and not living. I go to work every day and am actually likely up for a promotion soon. I go out with friends at least twice a week. A hobby is turning into a side gig because I am trying to stay busy to stop thinking about dying. I have the uncomfortable problem of pushing off interested guys because, again, I just want to die and be with my husband.   I don't know what to do other than hope I die by other means, like nuclear war or cancer but this doesn't feel like living. It feels like slow dying. "	sw
"Anyone else find that their earphones/headphones have become a permanent part of them? I realised this while I was working on an assignment on my laptop. I'd had my earphones in my ears for the last hour, but hadn't listened to any music. They were just...there.   I often have them on at school as well, because standing around awkwardly or sitting in silence staring at the wall is frowned upon. I find it hard having conversations with others, so instead of looking like a weird lonely person who just stares into the distance looking at nothing, I put in my earphones and listen to music. Sometimes I don't even play music, but I'll keep them in.   I have my earphones in right now, but nothing is playing, because I'm busy with an assignment, but I still do not want to take my earphones off.  Listening to music is also one of the only times during the day when I really feel positive emotions. There's not much to be happy about in my life  (or I find it hard being happy) so music provides me with a rush of all these amazing emotions. It feeds me soul lol.  I don't know. I guess music is my only friend :)"	cc
"I'm losing my mind It's dark in my room. 11 PM. I have a knife. It feels so good running it into my skin... I wanna dig harder, but i'm stopping because it's too early.   I feel so oddly calm.   I really like the thought of my bed cover in blood, lots and lots of blood. "	sw
"Feeling GOOD I’m on my way home to my husband after bank holiday drinks with my colleagues/friends. I’ve had a few but I’m fairly sober and getting myself home at a decent time, listening to good tunes, some tasty treats in my bag for when I get home... I’m proud of myself for having a fun evening that won’t end with almost always inevitable hangover guilt. Feeling pretty shit about some stuff recently and trying to let go... good, simple times like these remind me to chill and be happy and grateful. I’m smiling.   Edit for typo"	cc
"Tried and failed, want to try again It doesn’t matter how many people say it, the fact is no one cares. I don’t blame anyone. I just don’t have anyone and yet I still push people away. Maybe it’s my fault.   To Z, my love, please take care of S. She’s the best kitty and I know you both already have a strong bond. I will miss you and her so much it hurts. I’ve worried for so long about what my decision will do to you and I hope you end up having a great life and getting past this. You are the most amazing person I’ve ever known. All my attempts to get better have been for you. We shared a great love that was the highlight of my existence. Oh, I love you.   It hurts to write this. I know no one will see it. I’ve been so empty inside for so long. I’ve ruined my life. I’ve had it good and yet I ruined it by being sad and isolating myself.   I always thought the best thing in life would be my career I worked so hard towards. No. It was my cat, and my love Z.  I wish I could have been better for them.   I am taking the step forward and I truly hope selfishly I will not endure this everlasting pain another minute.   Thank you Wizard of Oz, Lion King, Studio Ghibli, Overwatch, Harry Potter, Pendragon, and Netflix for the years of distraction. In a strange way I had media and books for friends.   I can’t even type anything to you dad without breaking down. All I can say is you have been and always will be my hero. Please don’t be sad forever. Love you so much. Wish I could have been like you.   Mom, I love you even though I had a hard time showing it. You are a very strong lady. Please forgive me.   I’ve written the rest on paper.   Thank you Reddit for serving as my primary aid all these years.   I hope your not mad I posted this here. I guess I hope one person remembers me.   With love, S "	sw
"I want to die, and I'm gonna die in a few hours. But I don't want to die alone. If anyone is willing to talk to me and make sure I'm calm before I kill myself, I would so highly appreciate that."	sw
"Flight cancelled/stuck in the airport hotel overnight! Somebody talk to me while I enjoy this glass (bottle) of wine! () Hello reddit!  I'm stuck in a (shitty, well, it's okay) airport hotel in the middle of nowhere (so I really have nowhere to go) due to a cancelled flight (weather can be a bitch can't it?) and now I'm just enjoying more wine than I need, room service, and (hopefully) the conversation of some fellow redditors who are looking to talk late night on Easter Sunday."	cc
"Nothing. The only thing that is providing some contentment, some peace right now is the probability of killing myself sometime soon. I wanted to tell you all, because I can't tell anyone I know. I recognize that the presence of individuals who would stop me makes this a particularly selfish action. But this is really the only thing I desire, anymore. There's nothing else."	sw
"I drinked with friends yesterday and now I've got a bad moral hangover I don't see them often, they just text me when they want to have a kind of a party. Actually I won't call it a party at all, we are just old friends who parted ways on some point of our lives and we like to talk over how everything's going now. We drink but more for the company than to feel fucked up. After all I've heard yesterday I just feel like something's wrong here. They all have partners or really good friends who they were texting most of the night  and I can't point out a one person who I can text no matter what. I don't like commitment when it goes to something less than love, I could even say that I can't commit to someone I don't have true feelings to. It really sucks to think about it sometimes but I can't force myself to something I don't want deep down. Even if I try, it turns out that I'm only poorly patching a hole named ""love"" and I betray these people unintentionally when I find someone. A ideal scenario for me is having a long term relationship and some casual acquaintances. And these friends who have really good social circles now are people who totally changed their surroundings, mostly because they are studying in other towns now. It made me think, didn't I made a mistake staying here? Should I believe in this ""everything happens for a reason"" thing? My head is literally exploding from being unsure of almost everything and I think I'll be heading to Starbucks because I really need coffee and I really need to binge watch the new season of A Series Of Unfortunate Events. Do you ever question your life because of someone or something? "	cc
I told my parents I'm suicidal and now they won't talk to me I told my Dad about my plan to off myself and now he and my stepmom won't speak to me. I'm in my college town and I've called them a number of times now to just talk. Neither of them will pick up. I feel like they really just don't care. Any advice or thoughts because I just don't know what to do and it's making me feel worse.	sw
"My life was going well, then I fucked up my knee, and now despite my successful past of coping with mental health issues, I've lost a lot of my hope in life. I'm 19, and in August last year I got a meniscus removal for a tear I had. I kept going to places to figure out why it still hurts, and now, 8 months later, one possibility that I've heard is that I have another tear, or a tear that was originally there anyway. They're going in to fix it, but either way there's still a piece missing. Because of my knee, I don't go out much or walk a lot of long distances or get to the gym as much as I used to, and I now have a very different perspective on how easily humans can be ""broken"". As dumb as it may sound, mortality is kinda staring me down lately.  I had to cancel a job I got over the summer because I have to take a few months to heal on crutches. I'm staying with family, which I don't know how I feel about. But my real fear is that the surgery won't work, and I'll just keep getting worse. 19, unable to do all the other shit I used to do and that my 27 year old friends can do, hell, shit my Dad can do. Which is kinda why I think about killing myself, because maybe I'm already practically dead anyway?"	sw
turns out online suicide-hotline chat services dont actually run 24hours in my country so im here.  i cant stop thinking about it. i cant stop thinking about doing it. how any doubts i have or any reasons not to do it dont really matter that much because it would take like 2 seconds to actually start and then none of it would matter??  i dont want to wake up and go to work tomorow. i know if i wake up tomorrow ill have to go to work and and theres no way out so i have to do this tonight or i have to go to work tomorrow its almost a no brainer really. i should do this.  but i keep sitting here not doing it. but all i can think about is doing it.  i want out	sw
"What do you do to get yourself out of a funk? I've been super depressed lately, drowning myself in work, pushing people away and just hiding in my home for a few weeks now. Been going out occasionally, but it just doesn't feel right. I could use suggestions on what other people do to get out of a funk, or just some nice distracting conversation."	cc
"About to do it.. I’m very close to ending it, I kept giving it a chance to get better. I’m shaking so much, I’m scared. Not because of doing it but if surviving it. I have the blade ready, just. Idk, it’s not getting better "	sw
"Proof that suicide is a perfectly reasonable option https://archive.ashspace.org/ashbusstop.org/std.html This should cover all bases you can think of.  Some people just don't enjoy life, and it is a bad thing to forcefully keep them here through fear by banning painless ways to catch the bus."	sw
Just ate dinner. How's your Friday going? Unfortunately my SO canceled last minute so I'm just sitting in the house alone. On the bright side I made Red Lobster Cheddar biscuits from scratch :). What did you all have for dinner?	cc
"I have to kill myself today... Today me and my boyfriend (or ex-boyfriend idk) fought again, he doesn't understand how I feel and how he makes me feel, all the shit he does makes me feel like I'm not a priority, that his friends matter more than me, that I'm not enough... I'm tired, had to go to work and pretend that I was okay, when all I wanted to do was cry... My parents don't want me to kill myself but I feel like a burden... I really love my boyfriend but he thinks that I am my past(had a few partners before him so he thinks I'm going to cheat on him)... I changed for him, I did everything for him... I really want to end everything... I can't go on pretending that I forgot him or that I'm okay... In my job I deal with lots of people so can't really look like I'm sad... I'm just so tired... I'll have to end this today... For myself..."	sw
"Need help.I don't want to kill myself. PLEASE BEAR WITH ME.  So,I'm 21,been facing really hard times since childhood from being bulllied to messed up home enviornment to resigning from my first job within 5 months last year because of same type of toxic people at work.I was still doing okay.But 2 days back we had some glass door repair work at home and called a man who takes work for installing glass door.To give an idea, where I'm from only rowdy people or corrupt politicians could survive,either you yourself have to be a badass asshole type criminal or should know someone who is involved in those type of acti ities ,especially a politician,otherwise there is no justice for a simple/common/mango man. Coming back to that day when the incidemt took place,I'll have to go back to 2 more days back from that day.Before calling in this man, let's call him(Y),we had called someone else to perform the job,let's call him(X).But (X) did not make the glass door as per our expectation and was not responding to our calls afterwards,so I went to his workshop and took back the advance money deposited with him.Now we call (Y),someone who we contacted through another shop nearby our locality.He comes in, took the advance money ,took the reference picture with him, which I had clicked of the glass door which got shaterred which is why we are getting a new one installed.He promised to install it by the next day.Next day he sends his people who were to install it but to our surprise the glass door was exactly the one which was made by(X) and which we had rejected.Upon inquiring with the people who brought it with them,we got to know that it was indeed from the same workshop i.e. (X)'s because they get their work done from X's workshop. After this my mother called that person(Y),to inform about this because it did not match the reference picture we had given him and how he  could send this glass door without even checking it and he started giving round answers and told my mother he will come within half an hour to our place to look at the problem.He then called his people on the phone who were infront of us and called them back and instructed them to leave the glass there itself i.e. our home.After this when again my mother called him to know when he was coming as it was already late ,his tone of talking had already changed and stared saying something rude and started lying,upon which I took the phone and asked him strictly whether he was coming or not and what he would do in this regard,to which he told me he will get a new one installed as per our reference photo.After this he sent his worker to our place to take the other glass door with him for proper size reference and design(mind that glass size is not too big),and we indeed gave it to him in a hope for the satisfactory result.Next day his workers came with the new glass along with the old one they took along with them.But we were shocked when we noticed there was a crack in the old glass which they took for the reference purpose.We immediately called (Y) and he arrived few minutes later and asked his people(workers) whether it was during the time  they were installing the glass cracked to which they replied no.Right after this he started shouting loudly that he isn't going to pay for it,and started behaving really ill mannered way and became aggressive while walking towards my mother,to which I came forward and started shouting on him as well and that went  for several minutes and I don't remember much of what he said bevause I literally was not into my senses,meanwhile my mother kept telling me to calm down and not to stoop to his way of cheap talking.Even then my mother did not raisd her voice and talked to him with patience telling him not to raise his voice as this is someone's home not road.After that I told him to finish that work off and leave that old glass and leave the place.I paid his full amount cause that way he got to know his real value because it was not at all about money,we were really calm while talking and would have had even paid for the glass that cracked due to their mistake.   What really hurt me and kicked my nervousness,anxiety and fear is,after all these years of coping with the bullying I had at school,someone dared to shout and get aggressive in my own home where I thought I was safe.I feel guilty for not being able to protect my mother's dignity and respect because of the way he talked.What if he would have had caused her any harm ,what I would have had done then.I feel powerless,feared and isolated today.The person(Y),had mentioned about working at a property dealer's place nearby our house who has two wives and is involved politically.These are the kind of people due to whom these (Y) type of shameless creatures do crimes in the broad day light.  Now again I have gotten into depression and extreme fear that if in future he becomes powerful(Y) and tries to harm my family in any way,what I will do then because I cannot be sitting at home forever.My mother has suffered for very long in family for different reasons.After he went away I could see her sad although she did say while smiling that don't mind these type of incidents or people and not to get upset about it.But I fear for my mother,family, even myself.Also this incident has literally shaterred my self esteem and confidence that someone really dared to behave that way in my home,took out his frustration and I could not stop him from doing that.Why is these type of things happening with me ,I am lost.What should I do.I don't want to live in fear all my life.There is no rule and law .I don't want to go down the path of becoming a criminal,because I feel that is the only way dealing with these type of people. I have no more motivation left to live.  Please I need answers."	sw
I feel cold and sick I feel weak. I feel fragile.  Death is something I've wanted and waited for so long. But I freeze whenever I have my noose. Luckily I have a rifle this time but... Idk what to do. Fuck. You have no idea how much wanna pull this trigger please help someone talk to me please help I need someone's voice I hate my family I have no friends I have no one that I love suicide hotlines are useless I can't even call the cops I've been there before I have nothing to lose no one I want someone's voice I want to be held	sw
"As someone who grew up in the 90's and now works in a professional setting, I can't take reports written in comic sans seriously. Like, where's the black background the the neon fuchsia or lime green font to go with it?   Part of my job is reviewing records provided by others and every now and then, one will cross my desk that stands out. No matter how important the content and no matter how good the writing is, I just can't take a report written in comic sans seriously! All I can think of is my AOL/AIM and MSN messenger days and how everyone seemed to decide that comic sans was THE font to use.   These providers really just need to go all the way and put xX Xx around their degrees and names. xXLindaSmithXxXPhDXx "	cc
"Does anyone else get a word stuck in your head? Sometimes I'll get a word stuck in my head. It's not like when you say a word over and over until it sounds odd, it's more like when you get a song stuck in your head. I'll often be concentrating on something, like work, and suddenly I'll just think of a word. It will be completely unrelated to what I'm doing and it will be the same word over and over thoughout the day. Does this happen to any of you or is it just me?"	cc
Just paid off my car in full after a dumb mistake put it into chance of Repo Today I went into my bank and asked for a cashiers check worth $15944.53 cents and I sent it to my car company to pay it off in full. long story short I made a mistake a few months back and canceled a card. I thought I had switched all my autopay bills to my new card buuuuut turns out my car company didnt get switched (whoops). When I called to try and fix it they said the account was canceled and I would either have to pay my car off in full or let it be repoed and auctioned.   Basically killed my savings but hey I guess if I have to at least I have a car to live in ¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯	cc
"Feeling Suicidal Comes In Waves Throughout The Day I wake up in the morning I usually feel suicidal then something happens and I feel good and ambitious, motivated. Something happens again and the suicidal feeling comes back. This happens all day.."	sw
I think I'm gonna kill myself sometime tonight. I've been crying for the past 2 hrs and I cant even cry anymore. I've been texting 2 of my closest friends. They're in class and I guess they can't really be here with me physically. One of them thinks i just do this for attention. I got really confused and upset. I just dont get how people think that way. Is it really? I don't even want to be like this. Can someone talk to me to calm my fkng brain?	sw
"Accomplishments and lack thereof- let's chat aboot it! So, the one guarantee in life is that there is an end. Everything dies or becomes something else, so, might as well enjoy what you are when you're it. While alive, I have things I have accomplished and things I probably never will. Some personal achievements and wild aspirations of mine include:  -Wasted more money I will ever make on ""higher education"" only to learn that I learned no skills and was primed for nothing in the real world. If someone is thinking about going to college/university for the arts, try first without wasting the money.  -Got married though I was convinced I would never do something so contractually obligating in my life. Turns out, love is real and also really lovely. WARNING: change is a requirement. Love is fraught with adaptability, in the most delightful ways.  -I've always wanted to be famous. Not rich, just known. Not known for something, just acknowledged. I know I will die without achieving fame or anything close to it. I have come to terms with the fact that it would require me being someone I am not. Still- I could make a lot of people smile like some celebrities do.  -Worldbuilding and the challenges of creating something from nothing with an imaginative yet chaotic brain. Most people who create things on Earth are highly creative people or highly intelligent, or both. I am neither intelligent nor creative but instead am uncontrollably imaginative. With that came Topia, a board game concept I am creating where the game plays itself and can even be played solo. The Topian universe lacks Earth's ultimate guarantee of death and even lacks humans. It's a great place for me to play and know there is no one else involved in it.    Other than that, pretty basic life of struggling against the human conditions and ultimately accepting I am but a cog. A poor cog with a rich imagination.   What are some of your accomplishments worth sharing or things you would like to do but probably won't be able to?"	cc
"Remember any weird childhood fears? I was thinking about the weird things I was afraid of when I was small today.    At some point, I spent the day watching alien documentaries which made me terrified of alien abductions. Any weird shadow/light outside my window would make me panic and think the aliens were there to take me.  My dad would watch Americas Most Wanted and I'd sit there and watch with him sometimes. He'd always have to check under my bed for terrorists and murderers that night haha."	cc
"How much jail time would make you off yourself? Im facing charges that MAX at 6 months. Probably won't get any jailtime due to the nature of the charges. But if I do, even a month, I'm done. Im surprised that Im thinking like this, Ive got such great friends and family, Im truly blessed. But I wouldnt be able to face anyone again. My record would be stained, and I'd have lost time Id never get back. At that point its better to just end it. Selfish and I'd cause a lot of people pain, but this way I wouldnt have to face anyone."	sw
"I wish I could make myself care anymore. I used to be so passionate about school. I used to care so. much. I got into my top college but now I feel like I'm making a mistake; I just do not care anymore.  I'm not passionate and I'm not ambitious and I spend every school day just waiting for it to be over.   Has anyone felt anything similar in their senior year of high school (or anytime, really)? And if so, did you ever regain your passion? This sucks. I want nothing more than to be passionate again, but I just can't make myself when every day sucks like this."	cc
"Seen any good movies lately? I could really use a distraction right now.  I recently saw the movie Gemini with Zoe Kravitz. It was really cool and stylish, but flawed. I enjoyed watching it.  I also saw The Death of Stalin. It was fantastic. Amazing. A+ all around."	cc
"Bad luck charm No matter what I do, where I go, or who I'm near, I ruin things. I've made so many people leave and ruined so many attempts to help me I can't even say I'm worth it anymore... is it really that bad to die if I'm saving others from more pain down the line?"	sw
"Hey, fuck me and kill me? I’d just like to clarify I’ve lost my mind. I literally can do anything. Especially now that I know I’ve got total control over my death. I’d just like to be fucked hard not by any of you fine laddies and gents of reddit, but by my life. It’s got a boner and it’s going up my ass. Better load up with protection cause I’m gonna infect this mother fucker. And no you ain’t my dad so stop acting like it I’ve left the groceries on the table."	sw
"feeling ungrateful A mental health talker came to my school a while ago. He cut off his legs as they were useless to walk on and got bullied for it when he was a student. He didn't suicide because his brother wanted to help him do it and he realised the impact on his brother and family.   I have an average life. Married parents, siblings, school. Our relationship is a bit rough but I guess somehow they do care for me. I tried improving my life. Doing hobbies, cleaning, studying but it all seems so pointless. School, job, marrying, kids, retirement- I don't want this :(  I won't come to a revelation suddenly like what suicide survivor stories or mothers who have their newborn baby, and be cured. Depression comes back to you.   Yes I'm young but I know life gets even worse when you hit thirty. I don't know anyone genuinely happy at this age and over. There are more bad things over good things. I want out of this, I don't want anybody to remember me after my death. Yes I feel guilt but I'd rather take my own life than to slowly waste away."	sw
"I wish I was dead I'm 26 and have nothing to show for it; no job, no friends, no significant other, no goals, no ambition, no accomplishments, severely depressed for 14 years, severe anxiety attacks everyday for 3 years, live at home with my verbally abusive alcoholic mother who's kicking me out at the end of the month, soon to be homeless, can't hold down a job because of my anxiety, deadbeat dad who hasn't been in my life for years, abnormal fear of death but I still want to die, in debt, feel like crap mentally, emotionally, and physically every single day, and I hate myself because i'm a selfish, lazy, cowardly, toxic human being. After everything that I've been through in my life if I become homeless I will kill myself. I absolutely refuse to struggle and suffer anymore than I already have and the day I become homeless is the day I will be dead."	sw
"Currently traveling through south-east Asia, but now I have to stay in the hostel because of illness. Just arrived in Ho Chi Minh Vietnam and got a stomach infection. Already went to doctor, but i have to recover now. It is my first time in Vietnam and usually i want to check out local culture/food and try to speak their language (to see what works and what not). But now I feel to weak and I stay in bed most of the time browsing reddit and playing emulator. So anything you guys want to talk about? If you have some recommedations for Vietnam I would love to hear it, I will stay here for about 2-3 months. :)"	cc
Fantasies of ending it all i sit in school anxious and depressed as fuck. is it weird to have fantasies of my wrists being slit? i dont think ill kill myself. at least not yet. i just want to be fixed im tired of this cycle. my grades have dropped from all A’s & B’s to mostly B’s and C’s. my parents know about my drug and alcohol use. they dont trust me anymore. i have realized im alone in this world. i guess im okay with that but my brain doesnt know how to fucking act. 	sw
If my paper gets rejected I decided I will kill myself. Ive spent over a year working on this research. If it doesnt get accepted to this next conference I will end my life. I have nothing but my career. I gave everything and everyone up for this pointless PhD. 	sw
"Subreddit Resources - rules, etiquette, support and more  We have a lot to offer in terms of reading material to better your time here.    Now on to our resources…  --- ##Etiquette - /r/CasualConversation/wiki/etiquette  Unsure how to be casual? Well come on in, read our etiquette and it's full of nice helpful information on how to properly conduct youself.   ##Directory - r/CasualConversation/wiki/directory  We have a huge wiki page of a bunch of very helpful and related subreddits. Sometimes, this sub isn't the right place for your post. Be sure to check it out, your thread might get better attention elsewhere.     ##FAQ - r/CasualConversation/wiki/faq  Do you have a question on how a few things work here? Read our FAQ its outlines some of the most asked questions we receive.    ##Rules - r/CasualConversation/wiki/rules  Confused on why a thread was removed? Not sure if you are breaking some of our rules?  Read them right here. They are pretty easy to follow. We go in much greater detail on them in the wiki.   ##Banned Topics - r/CasualConversation/wiki/rules/banned  Our list of banned topics, why they are banned, a few examples and alternate places you can post.   ##Official - r/CasualConversation/wiki/official  We sometimes toy around with the idea of making new parts to our sub. Check out some of our other places to be casual. Whether it be playing minecraft, chatting in our irc or hanging out in some of our other subs. You're bound to be casually entertained.    ##Personal Information PSA - r/CasualConversation/wiki/pi  Gotta protect our privacy right? The internet can be a scary place, overly sharing your personal info may not always be the best thing to do. Be internet safe and read our stance regarding personal info.   ##Support - r/SeriousConversation/wiki/support  Looking for support but can't find quite the right place to get it? Look no further, we have an extensive wiki of very helpful places to call, visit or vent. It's okay to ask for help.     ######Join us on: [Discord](https://discord.gg/rhKe8pr#dis) [IRC](https://kiwiirc.com/client/irc.snoonet.org/casualconversation#irc) •  [Weekly Thread](/r/CasualConversation/search?q=title%3AWeekly+Self&restrict_sr=on&sort=new&t=week#int) [Weekend Thread](/r/CasualConversation/search?q=title%3AWeekend+Chat&restrict_sr=on&sort=new&t=week#end) • [Wiki](/r/CasualConversation/wiki/index#wiki)   --- ^**Feedback?** [^Message ^the ^mods.](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FCasualConversation) "	cc
"That strange feeling of inner peace Who else gets this weird feeling of inner peace when the end feels like it's near? It's hard to explain , looking around at people at work like it's the last time I'll see them or even hearing the birds sing. It feels like I've made peace with the world it almost feels like hapieness, euphoric even. It's like nothing matters anymore because next week won't mater if I'm not here.  But then reality sets in when I change my mind again."	sw
I used to be happy that I failed. Now I'm not so sure. I've tried many times before and I've always failed. I seriously think I'm ready to try again.	sw
"I don’t want to be here holding on... My name is Austin. Just turned 21 yesterday. Lost myself last night. One day into 21 and I already feel like leaving this world tonight. Yesterday wasn’t even that bad.  All this self loathing. Always looking at the negative things. I can’t stop it. There’s always a glimpse of hope I get time to time. But I’m afraid by holding on my health will deteriorate along with it. I’ve been holding on and staying alive. But my health is deteriorating the longer I stay alive. So it’s like a lose lose situation.   I can either die and hurt those I love. Or stay alive and deteriorate slowly while my friends and family watch.   Maybe I’ll stay alive for them. I’ve always had this mindset of taking the fall for others. Not because I may care enough, but because I hate myself enough to take the wrath.   Thanks for reading my rant. Needed to get that out.   "	sw
"I feel miserable Disclaimer: Writing on my phone, but I'll try to make paragraphs. Also, I'm not a Native English speaker, so please excuse any mistakes/weird sentences.  So. My dad passed away from cancer 6 years ago.Mom was diagnosed with cancer shortly after, but thankgoodness she beat it and is alive and well right now. Ever since then I've  not developed any social skills whatsoever, I'm 20 yo now btw. My social skills are worse than an introverted 12 yo with no friends. Never talked much to begin with, now, qI, mostly, just speak when spoken to, and answer with short answers. The two exceptions are my mom and my brother with whom I live.    My coworkers always point out that I am quiet or ask why I don't say much during drinks after work, and it is true, I always keep my mouth shut during those after work drinks, I mostly just listen and laugh along when something is funny. I like my coworkers and I know that they are not trying to make fun of me, but I can't help but to feel like shit after they point out I'm quiet.  Anyway my hardly existing social skills, caused me to push away my old high school friends and make it next to impossible to make new friends, heck I can't even have one decent conversation with even my own cousins or other family members. This eventually led to me thinking I am nothing or at least a failure of a human being.   Oh I also withdrew from university last year and just dropped out of another degree programme last month.  I usually have episodes once or twice a week where I feel like shit, want to die and cry myself to sleep. In a good month I only have this once or twice in the entire month. I'm not sure if this clinically classifies as depression or if I'm just a overemotional 20yo. Most episodes happen if I haven't been out of the house in a couple of days or after those after work drinks I mentioned earlier. I have good days though when I talk during those drinks, but they are very rare.  In bad weeks I feel like shit and think about suicide for 2-3 days. Those are rare too though. Don't worry I love my mom and brother too much to actually go through with anything I think of during my episodes. I can't bear the thought ofmaking them cry/sad. My life has been mental torture for the last couple years though.   I have thought of and wanted to tell my mom on many occasions, but... I pussied out everytime. It's been 6 years since the start of my mental health decline, but my mom and brother will get me through it all. I hope I have more good days ,or at least less bad days in the future, though I don't know what  the trigger for my good days are or if I even have triggers for good days. I hope, that, when you read this you also find someone or already have someone to be your anchor. And I wish you the best of luck getting rid of your negative thoughts. Just like I'm trying to do :)"	sw
"One thing that bothers me is when people think I'm pessimistic, though I am a realist Is it just me that gets called pessimistic for just not being optimistic 24/7?   Sure, I can be hyped for something in the future for example me going to university soon, but I just can't be optimistic about literally everything if there is nothing to be optimistic about.  I'm a realist, I see things as they are, not as what I want them to be while trying to put everyone's mood down because I think differently. "	cc
"Becoming the writer of your story rather than a character It's times like these where I feel a bit overwhelmed by everything kinda hitting me all at once, whether it's school, work, or life in general, I almost physically feel pulled down by the weight on my shoulders  And although there are things I could do to lighten this weight, I decided to do the opposite and take on more responsibilities, things that push me out of my comfort zone and arguably stress me out, but should also help me grow  It was after one certain event, although minor and pretty irrelevant, that pushed me to basically throw caution to the wind and say screw it, I'm tired of being comfortable all the time and losing out on experiences that I know will be beneficial, for example volunteering at a local elementary school or attending a networking event alone as a first year student  Granted I've done these things before, but the feeling of being uncomfortable wasn't something I enjoyed, I mean yeah duh obviously right who wants to be uncomfortable haha but it's made me realize that I'm really the biggest detractor when it comes to promoting my own growth  So instead of being that person who is scared, nervous, or unsure, I want to be the person that really shows myself the way, almost like looking into the mirror and telling myself that that person isn't me, but it's my job to make this person the best human being they can possibly be, it's not me who's uncomfortable anymore but rather it's  the person I'm guiding, I just have to give them encouragement  And I could keep trucking along but one thing to realize is that the decisions you make and/or don't make have a direct effect on the development of this character in your story  And if you really want to have an amazing character, you cannot stay the same and *comfortable* through it all  What are your thoughts? Another way I thought about it was like an rpg haha this life of ours is a character that we want to become great and powerful, but to get to that point we have to go through the trials and tribulations, you can try but solely killing level 1 monsters or completing beginner quests will only take you so far"	cc
"I need someone to talk to I'm feeling very isolated from my friends and family lately, so I got no one to talk to about what's going on in my head."	sw
"I have no reason to hurt I have a life and people that love me. I have a family and my SO. It doesn’t fucking matter because I still hurt. I don’t know how to make it stop. I shouldn’t be depressed and shouldn’t be writing this at all, but here I am. I’ve browsed through post after post here and everybody has reasons to hurt. They belong here but I don’t. I have no reason to hurt. Every single little bad thing that happens is just amplified and it gets worse and worse until it’s like a constant screaming and screeching inside of my head. I’m begging for it to stop.  I’m so fucking tired. I work and I work and I never get anywhere in life. I’m a corporate slave, wasting away hour after hour fixing people’s insignificant computer problems that they think is the end of their world. They think it’s my fault.  Maybe they are like me. Just fucking minutes from snapping and finally saying goodbye to this miserable excuse of an existence. I feel like an inconvenience to anybody I try to talk to. My girlfriend keeps giving solutions to my problems but sometimes I don’t want solutions. Sometimes I just want to cry and yell and scream because I hurt.   Why am I like this? I have no reason to hurt. "	sw
"Fun fact: your local hospital is almost certainly desperately low on just about everything right now. My hospital only has about 2 weeks' worth of Cardizem left.  That's a very important drug for people with heart problems.  Bicarb, a drug found on the crash carts that we use during resuscitations is critically low.  We're almost out of morphine entirely, and our stores of potassium are looking bad, too.  Fentanyl is like gold right now.  We use that to keep patients on a ventilator sedated.  We've been low or out of normal saline bags for months on end, so we're using other kinds of fluids instead.  We're using sugar water on diabetics because it's all we have, even if it's bad for their blood glucose levels.  We're so low on sterile water that we got an email from the pharmacy saying that we need to be careful with how many patients we have on IV nutrition feeding called TPN right now.  They actually said ""remember, starvation doesn't cause much damage until around day 8, so hold off as long as possible."" The FDA is allowing supplies to be used beyond their printed expiration date so that we can conserve whatever we have on hand.  That's just scratching the surface, too.  We're low on seemingly everything.  So.  The moral of the story is ""don't get sick right now."""	cc
"Feeling extremely lonely while eating my sushi, what is everyone up to? Hi everyone, I took the day off work and just ordered some sushi. I’m eating it alone in my house. Recently, I received two text messages this week in total and feel kind of down!  How are things going with everyone?"	cc
"I was just reading a text I sent to a friend telling him I was going to commit suicide (Sorry for the mess, I can't seem to organise my thoughts)  Its so weird how everyone reacts in the same way along the lines of ""people will miss you"" ""people care about you"" ""I care"" blah blah blah but it lasts for such a short amount of time...I'm curious as to whether they care. The only time people seem to give 2 shits about me is when I express my suicidal tenancies or show how miserable I am (i'm reluctant at saying i'm depressed since I don't really fully believe in self-diagnosing). before telling them they literally show no signs of caring about me or even attempting to talk with me, I always have to be the one.   I find it hard to believe anyone cares, only 1 person in my life ever made genuine effort in my friendship with them and I had to push them away because they of the toxicity they caused in my life. No one ever reaches out to me, no one ever starts convos with me, i'm never going to be anyone's first. If I were to stop starting conversations with people or assert myself in social situations (like ""oh can i come??"") I will surely be forgotten and pushed aside, in fact its actually true.   I also find it bizarre how my friends just seem to have what feels like...forgotten me... When you tell someone you're suicidal you get gushes, ""you matter/I care"" kind of talk...but that literally only lasted a day?? ""i'll take you to the university counselor!"" lmao I had to walk myself there since they all seemed to forget their promises, not exactly a surprise tbh. The only reason I went is because of them really..I wouldn't have went if it weren't for the fact many of them kind of made me promise I would seek help   I expected a different reaction I suppose, maybe a desperate attempt of feeling loved and receiving care...I feel a bit manipulative and guilty which makes me feel even worst but I really just want to feel loved and I want to know that there's at least someone who gives a shit about me.  I usually never tell people how I feel or about the fact i'm suicidal I keep it to myself because I tell myself people won't care...and I guess I was right."	sw
"Which one would you choose? Burn yourself, lie under a train, cut wrists or get yourself beaten."	sw
"I don’t know what I should do anymore. For the past 6 months, I have developed something. To be completely honest, I don’t know what that something is. Essentially, it means that every time I’m in public, like I’m in school or on a train, I feel extremely scared and this leads to me feeling like throwing up. This happens every single day whilst I am at school. I have often been skipping classes and hiding in a bathroom stall because I can’t handle sitting in class and constantly feeling like throwing up. Because of this, my grades have been dropping. And to make matters worse, i have my GCSE exams in 5 weeks. It’s starting to get to the point where I feel like I just want my life to be over, I really don’t want to have to deal with it anymore. I’m going to therapy but it’s not working. I really just have no idea what to do anymore."	sw
"Just need to talk to someone I'm lonely, going through some hard times, and just got some bad news. Looking for someone to talk to."	sw
Can someone tell me if suicide is possible with sleep pills? 	sw
"I am one step from doing this I am currently sitting in the forest, away from town I live, with the rope inside my bag, I’ve found a quiet place where birds are singing, it’s so peaceful here. I’ve written suicide notes to my family, friends.  But there is one thing that bothers me, should I text my mother and tell her how I feel, about my depression, suicidal thoughts? It’s hard to do, because I’m afraid of her reaction.  Maybe she will go ultra mad and that will break me even more? On the other hand, what have I left to lose? I’ve told some people about my depression, they didn’t cared enough, and if I’ll make right now a promise to my mom that we will discuss about this at home, where are guarantees that she will care? Maybe she will think that I’m just a whiny idiot because life is hard and yada yada.   The thing is, I’m not sure that I want to die, but I don’t have will to continue this meaningless existence. So it’s very complicated conflict that is happening right now in my head.  Sorry for grammar"	sw
"Anyone else get stupid happy when someone is remotely nice to you? I feel like I'm over-reacting or something so it would be nice to know if other people do the same!   At work today we got a staff-wide email about a department ball that is being held next month - not the most fun, but free bar, promise of music and food, and a chance for your colleagues to see each other in actual PEOPLE clothes and not uniform!   I've only been at my job a couple of months and I'm always paranoid that nobody likes me because I'm the youngest there. But my colleague turned to me and said ""this sounds so lame, but do you want to go? It'll be so much fun, we can have a laugh together!"" and when I said yes (holding back happy acceptance tears), she started talking about how much fun we and our colleagues would have.   I've been excited about it all day. They really want me there! For once I'm not feeling that horrible ""I've practically invited myself and nobody wants me here"" feeling!! "	cc
"im physically unable to do anything. i havent eaten in about 3 days, its hard to get up for school, and honestly i really just want to die. life isnt fun anymore and i miss being a kid. ive already started cutting and i just cant do this anymore."	sw
"Where have all the sub-cultures gone? I'm in my mid 30s and I have began to notice how sub cultures have seemingly disappeared. Maybe I'm wrong and there is still groups out there but when I was growing up I would often see Skaters, Thrashers, Goths, Metalheads, Hip Hop guys, Punks, Grungers,Emos and a whole host of other kinds of people regularly. These days every one seems to have basically the same style. I'd visit Rock clubs in my youth and every corner of the room would have a different kind of group. I dont see that when I go out these days. Are these sub cultures extinct? Am i just too old to recognize the new sub cultures? Anyone else notice this? "	cc
"Is anyone else feeling unusually motivated today? The last couple of days have been “two steps forward, one step back,” but today I feel ready and excited to get stuff done!  I have a list of things to do before my husband gets home from work.  Is it spring working its magic, perhaps?"	cc
"What are you listen to this morning? I've only been awake for like 20 minutes but I'm feeling pretty good. It's kind of warm, the sun might come out later today, and I've decided to sit here and look outside drinking my coffee listening to music this morning instead of the usual videogames. Right now I'm listen to Raelee Nikole as well as The Brain Dance by Animals As Leaders.  What are you guys listening to on this fine fine morning?"	cc
"Today I woke up and felt different - I think I'm ready I've been getting my suicidal thoughts back for about a week now. I thought I was doing good. So good I even reduced the medication until about a month and a half ago I completely stopped taking it. The anxiety was gone, depression too, even my social anxiety wouldn't show up in social events. It was all gone. About a week ago it all came back. First the anxiety in the back of my mind, then the overwhelming sadness/depression and just after those two set in, the suicide thoughts showed up, again. I became violent towards my SO when my conflicted thoughts would show up and not shut up. I feel bad for reacting this way but it was either ""playfully"" hitting him (he said I wasn't hurting him) or take it out on me. I started withdrawing myself. Became a bit more silent. More ""in my thoughts"". He noticed, would ask if everything was okay but I was too ashamed to admit everything came back and shit hit the fan. So I just said I was fine. He knows better.  Today I woke up happy. I think because I came to terms that I need to leave and I think I'll do it. I've been showing all my love, being all kinds of caring. Hugging. Smiling. Reminding him how much I do in fact love him. I hope I have it in me today to break it to him that I am thinking of ending it one of these nights, maybe tonight, so he can help me.  I think enough is enough. I've been fighting these same thoughts, anxiety and depression since I was 14, I'm 20, turning 21 soon. I'll just embrace the thoughts so I'm less conflicted and angry, sad. It'll be okay."	sw
"So I started an attempt to learn Japanese... ...and I'm wondering if I'll ever be able to conquer more than just memorizing what all the hiragana characters are. I knew Japanese was going to be more complicated than learning Spanish, which came quite easily to me in school (although I've forgotten most of it by now), but the fact that I would have to memorize essentially 4 different sets of characters (hiragana, katakana, kanji, and romaji) is overwhelming! I'm mostly doing it for fun, although I would love to visit Japan one day, and I figure having a basic understanding of the language would be helpful. But it seems like it's going to be a bit more work than anticipated, and I just don't know if I can/want to devote that much time to it. (Who knew that learning a new language would take such dedication! /sarcasm)  Anyone else ever attempt to teach themselves Japanese? Any pointers? :D"	cc
"Feeling a little down So, I managed to overthink myself into a pretty dismal mood. How is everyone's day going? What made you happy today? What's the most exciting thing you've heard all day? Any tips on how to cheer myself up?"	cc
"Me and my girlfriend have both attempted suicide, I'm afraid of how messy the breakup will be. I don't plan on breaking up with her any time soon but we both have depression. She attempted suicide after her last break up and Ive done it due to failing out of college, being unemployed and socially isolating myself. Now that we are dating and its the best thing Ive ever had I'm worried on how this is going to end if it does. "	sw
"I got my first job interview this weekend! I got a job interview with some office place this weekend and I'm really excited! This will be my first interview ever and I'm going to be honest the place seems too good to be true.  I researched about the place and you don't need experience, I CAN WORK FROM HOME WHAT (student btw), AND PART TIME WHAT. Also flexible schedule, training and teaches me many life skills.   Edit: More detail about the place. It's about talking to customers and selling them products. I'll have to come into the office sometimes but eventually I can just work from home?  My goodness I'm excited. What should I say and do? What should I not say? What does business casual even look like?"	cc
"I've started to get disconnected with sports. Before it happened, I wasn't a big fan of sports, but I used to keep up with some stuff that was going on. Then, I watched my dad with his local team. They were losing, pretty badly might I add.  My dad was not happy at all, so much so he went to bed earlier. At that point, I just realised how a lot of sports fans just act over the top, over a game. I was pissed, but not because of the result, but because of the reaction from the losing side's fans.  Yes, I know, emotions run extremely high for sports like football (the UK kind, I'm British after all) , rugby and american football, but it's just a little bit too much.  In the end, I'm just going to start to disconnect with sports because I really don't see the fun in watching sports anymore (besides, they're actually quite boring). I'd rather spend the weekend just having fun with something I'm truly passionate about rather than sitting down and just watching some guys pass a ball around for 2 hours.  Otherwise, my day's gone on pretty well, I've almost finished a large part of my dissertation and I'm still excited about the game we're developing for our final year!  So, how's your day going r/casualconversation?"	cc
"Do i ask for too much? I'm sitting here typing this as i avoid bathing myself before going to work, looking at calling in. Ever since I was a child (23 now) I can remember how much pressure was put on me to succeed. I'm above average intellect and have always excelled through schooling - barring motivation issues. I've reached a point where my existence is altogether meaningless. I used to have some faith or belief in God which always got me through. Lately I've admitted to myself that I was forcing belief because reality is so much more difficult to face. I don't see any meaning to life, i am just a tiny random clump of cells in an ever expanding world. This leaves me in a position where I deeply contemplate suicide. I don't know if it is just a mental bubble I've created but I certainly have an ""overqualification"" mentality. I learn rather quickly and so in my 2 attempts at uni I have become extremely disgruntled and cannot get myself to attend class. I show up and learn 5 minutes worth of material over the course of an hour and cannot handle having so much wasted time in my life. I am not getting younger and my early 20s are being stolen by school and work. The fields which I've pursued in school have not been true passions of mine. The only thing at this point in my life i can seriously consider as meaningful is playing music. When i reach this point i start feeling suicidal. I've always played music - started begging for piano lessons at age 4 - and i consider myself to be talented. But what makes me deserve to make a living doing something I love. I would lead a happy life if I could just be left to practice and enjoy myself. I just feel so greedy for wanting that. I know that there are millions of other people like me who would want to make music for a living and i don't feel as though i deserve that kind of success. I'm not chasing fame and fortune, I'm chasing a more enjoyable way to afford a roof and a bed. My heart and mind are not invested in a life producing for the messy, materialism driven society we have around us.  Lately as I weigh my options and the actual purpose of me being on this earth, suicide becomes a much more appealing option. A simple solution to the suffering that i am feeling. I have no belief that there is any sort of afterlife, and so it feels as though i have nothing to lose. I'll be too dead to worry about losing my life. I didn't ask to be born, and now I'm suddenly the one who has to be responsible for that. I didn't ask to be born  Everything would leave me to believe that these feelings are invalid, and that I am asking for too much out of life."	sw
"I don't know how to drive yet I'm currently 19 and I've been struggling with not wanting to drive. There are a lot of societal pressures and people in my life that make me feel like I should be making more of an effort to learn. I currently have my permit, but learning to drive is really low on my priority list. I'm lucky enough to have a supportive family and they aren't pressuring me at all. However, I feel like a burden because they always drive me to where I need to go. (This is solely my own feeling, my family has told me multiple times that it's okay.) Also, I don't feel independent in that aspect, obviously, so there are days where it takes a toll on my self-esteem. Like, I should be driving and taking responsibility for myself  since I'm an adult. Everyone around me--classmates, friends, co-workers, extended family etc-- knows how to drive and tend to ask me why I haven't learned yet. If I'm not in a good mindset, it tends to rub me the wrong way and I end up feeling insecure.   Have any of you experienced the same feeling? If so, how did you come to accept it? I don't want to rush into driving and end up in a bad situation. Plus, it's really not something I feel like putting time and energy into right now. How do I become more patient and not let the opinions of others affect what I want to do?   "	cc
"What's something you can't not spend money on eeevvveeeennn if you shouldn't... I just got a raise, received some back pay, and got re-reimbursed from my job for attending a certain amount of crossfit classes in 3 months. I *really* should use that money for the dentist. Buuuuuutttt tomorrow is the NJ Gem, Fossil, & Mineral show and I absolutely can not resist me some geodes. It's a perfect storm. What can you simply not resist?"	cc
"I feel kinda bad for Mark Zuckerberg Everywhere on the front page, there are posts about how he's a robot, that make fun of him for the way he moves, looks, and pretty much everything. I don't want to feel bad for him with all the shit that facebook has done, but it must suck to go on the internet and see everywhere people saying stuff like that. What do you guys think about it?"	cc
"I built my life around my wife who is leaving me I no longer have any friendships or anything else to turn to, so it is OK to kill myself because I lack any of the things that people are supposed to turn to when suicidal that are listed on the suicide hotline website.   I am officially allowed to kill myself then.  Goodbye."	sw
"i’m going to kill myself tonight i don’t have anywhere else to go so here i am i am currently running my bath water in which i will end my life i’m sorry, to everyone <3"	sw
"To the people who like to talk to introverts - What makes you like to? I just enjoyseeing into the minds of people who don’t like to be talkative, the ones who don’t “havemany friends” at school or just like to be by themselves. I like to befriend them and learn the kind of person they are. I don’t know why, so do any of you? "	cc
"On the verge of ending it all Today has been exceptionally hard for me. I was doing spring cleaning around the house when my dad started yelling and raising his fists at me for not doing things quickly enough. I locked myself in my room and barricaded the door. He yelled at me ""I'm gonna kick the door in!"" and I heard him say to my mom ""One day I'm gonna murder that girl!"". It was all too much so I let the mood die down they called me out for dinner so I came out. They expected me to apologize for locking my door and said it's my fault for being scared and always wanting to kill myself. I couldn't take it anymore I grabbed my fork and started stabbing myself. After that, I ran right back into my room and barricaded the door. For the past 2 years, I've been managing my depression and anxiety. I've been in college full time, been living with my parents, and I have a loving boyfriend. I've been having panic attacks from nothing and when I drive home my brain puts thoughts of cutting myself and letting myself bleed out onto the pages of my coloring books. These thoughts are so vivid I can feel my wrists burn in pain. I've never cut myself before but I do keep a kitchen knife in my bedroom. I've been saying goodbye more and more. I just don't want to be causing anyone including myself any more pain. I think I could die peacefully knowing that the only pain left to cause is the pain of losing me. I feel guilty and ashamed I haven't done anything with my life. I called the helpline and my counselor. I'm not on any medications. I'm just so tired and helpless I don't want to do anything with my life except throw it away. I'm tired of being told to look on the bright side and to practice self-compassion and self-awareness. I don't think anyone can help me but I'm too scared to die. Maybe I wanna have someone push me outta a window. I don't really know what I want. All I know is can someone tell me the easiest way to kill myself besides cutting cause I can't do it."	sw
"I can't muster up the strength to go to class anymore. Or do anything really. I'm tired of college  And I'm tired of life. I haven't gotten out of bed in three days. I already missed a few classes and a doctor appointment (which I'm not going to get back until June because health insurance in my country sucks). I don't want to continue living. I already tried to kill myself twice in the past but I guess those weren't enough. I can't even use sleep as an escape anymore because I either oversleep and wake up feeling like I'd rather be dead or can't sleep at all for days.   I swear I'm going to kill myself if I fail this (or any) semester. Finishing college is basically the only thing keeping me back from suicide but, ironically, I hate lectures and attending them just makes me feel worse. Is there even a point in going on like this? "	sw
"168hrs of work, in two weeks. I'm one sleep away from finishing a work rotation, doing security work at a gold mine. I get to fly home Thursday morning, and crack a guilt-free Heineken at 10am. I've been living this lifestyle for just over a year now, and have somehow gotten used to it.  I only work half a year, but its 14 12-hour days in a row, while i'm up here. I dig my gig. :)"	cc
"I am having sleep problems I can't sleep because my mind keeps on running and when I manage to fall asleep, even if I sleep for 10 hours, I feel awful when I wake up. In fact, I'm supposed to be asleep for about 2 hours now and just picked up the phone because I got bored. I'm supposed to get up in 4 and a half hours. Anyone else experienced this? Any tips? "	cc
"No one really notices the signs No one notices the fact I haven't touched the ps4 when I normally would play every night, despite the fact I wake up at 4:30 AM. And I would bring it anywhere I go, now? I'm not at home for three days and I also have left my console at home.   No one really notices the real reason why i'm always absent in school. Absences already 15 this semester.  No one really notices how I haven't said any weird plots, told stories, show my writing.  No one really notices how I've deleted 5000+ of photos on my phone without backup.   No one really notices how I've changed all my wallpapers and profile pictures. No longer the fictional character that I relate to, and makes me going.   No one really notice how I deleted Messenger and Facebook.  No one really notice I don't ask for my mom's data all the time now. Barely touching my phone now.   No one really notice I have been skipping meals. They just think my stomach hurts.   Just thinking about it hurts. So if I die tonight... would they suddenly notice it? I doubt though. I really hate this life. "	sw
"Overthink I want to stop overthinking, nothing good ever come from it. It just killing me slowly and make me want to kill myself. How can i stop overthinking"	sw
"What's your dream car? I'm probably the definition of a car guy, and I like to learn about what other people think about cars.  What kind of car do you currently drive, and do you like it?  What car would you really like to have?  I have 2 cars, a Subaru Outback called ""[Battlewagon](https://i.imgur.com/sshU5ZO.jpg)"" and a Subaru WRX called ""[Rumble Bee](https://i.imgur.com/NA5ZgIN.jpg)"".  The WRX that I have is my current dream car.  I really like the look of it, and it's pretty peppy and quick.  There's also a big aftermarket and a strong community around Subarus."	cc
"Everyday im losing my will to live a little bit more I feel like im at my lowest, but i know it will get much, much worse from here.  Things that used to make me happy are now nothing to me, in the past when i was feeling suicidel i was always reminding myself of the things that i love, but now it doesnt work anymore, like i got numb, and empty. Suddenly every time something good happens to me, i dont feel anything, But everytime something bad happens to me, it adds a brand new reason to kill myself, i cant take it anymore, everyday this feeling of emptiness gets 1000x stronger.  "	sw
"i've lost all hope day to day, for the past 2 years i have been thinking of suicide, but never really started considering it as an option until recently. i don't know when or if i ever will kill myself, but if my life keeps heading in this direction, then i will have no choice. i sit here still procrastinating from overdue assignments that i wouldn't have done anyways. i've lived a lie for too long and i'm tired of it. i just want it to end now. i hate feeling this way, when i should be doing something with my life. it's only gonna get worse when i start highschool next year."	sw
I don’t want to do it anymore My paycheck was less than the amount my account is negative. I’m sick. I’m having panic attacks. My fiancé isn’t helping me. I don’t want to do this anymore. I can’t even bring myself to die no matter how much I want to. I just want everything to be over because I’m not strong enough to do it anymore.  I’m sorry... I just needed to get this out. I don’t even know if im breaking any rules 	sw
"I'm super nervous cause I'm contemplating quitting my job I have to option to start working now instead of at the beginning of summer for university next year.  I'm at a job right now that kinda sucks, only upsides are my brother and one other guy really, they're cool.  I wanna quit, and I want to give my 2ish, maybe 3 week notice on Sunday or Monday, but I have no backbone unfortunately.  And I need that reference, so I can't just ditch lol.  Ugh, I am a nervous person.  What's crackalacking with y'all?"	cc
Had a boost in morale today Been building silos for about 8 months now and I’ve worked my way up the ladder from laborer to lead/assistant foreman. The catch is I’ve been with one Forman the entire time.   So this new foreman comes in today and word on the site is he’s a tough mofo to work for. Extremely critical and a no nonsense type of dude.   So he gets there and watched the work being done for half the day and after lunch he starts to get in on the action. He sees me leading the crew and what not and comes up to me with a question on how to fix the dent in tank. I respond “well I’m just gonna hook a comealong to that bitch and pop’er out”. He takes the toothpick out of his mouth (he’s THAT guy who always has a toothpick in) and says “goddamn son you are a real hanger!”. (The tank is built in sheets and we bolt them up one by one and it’s called hanging sheets. Ergo the hanger).  It wasn’t much but it felt good getting the approval of the big bad boss who everyone’s afraid of.  Have y’all ever got that little comment from a boss or leader that made the day better?	cc
"I'm packing for another move I've had more homes than I've had birthdays. I am tired of moving, but this time I am trying to see it as an adventure (when in reality, it is too expensive where I live, and I am forced to move to find housing I can afford). This time it's ""Iowa or Bust!""   Keeping it light, tho. Just looking for conversation when I take a break between bouts of boxing."	cc
"I think I'm done I hate almost everything about my life. I'm a 20 year old male in college and I think I have anxiety/depression but I've never been diagnosed.  First of all, I've never had a gf, I'm really short (5'2), I have shitty grades in college, 1.94 on probation and my grades are even worse this semester. I feel super bad because my parents are paying for a big chunk of my tuition. I started out in computer science but switched to IT after getting a D in the second intro class. My only support are a few friends here that I don't want to leave because I have no one back home. I feel like a failure compared to my perfect brother with a 4.0 at Stanford."	sw
"What should I animate?  I just found out that today's class is cancelled. So, as I'll have the whole day free I decided to practice a little bit of animation. The problem is that I've been struggling to decide WHAT to animate. I just can't think about a story. Do you have any suggestions (something that could result into a 5 sec clip)?"	cc
"Why do I feel good about this? I decided that if nothing’s better by the time I turn 25, it’s over. Why do I suddenly feel so much better with that promise to myself?"	sw
"Just watched Back To The Future One thing that has always been on my bucket-list is to what all of them classic movies that hit the theatres before I was born. Being the kind of guy who prefers watching movies in theatres, I can’t seem to do that very easily. However, been ticking the movies one by one lately, of which Back To The Future is one. Loved it thoroughly, looking forward to watching the sequels. "	cc
"i can't stop thinking about hanging myself i'm really trying to do things to keep my mind occupied but i just can't. i'm at my boyfriends house (can't leave, too dangerous and it's late) but he wont talk to me or take care of me. i feel so lonely."	sw
I hate this place and I want to leave. I feel like every belief I hold no one understands and those that do are just unreachable.  I feel like an alien on earth. Like the only one of my kind. All ive ever wanted was to feel like i belonged to something or someone. But the more time goes by the more I feel myself slipping into psychosis and the further  away that goal gets.  Its not worth it anymore	sw
"When to go to the ER I feel like I can’t make it. I fantasize about different ways of killing myself all day every day. I don’t sleep, I hardly eat, I cry so hard I throw up. Every minute of every day is a fucking battle. And I am losing. The only person I have to talk to about it says it will ruin my life if I go to the ER  and voluntarily admit myself, but what good is my life not being ruined if I am dead?  I think he wants me to die so he doesn’t have to listen to me anymore. I think he doesn’t want to have to go to the ER with me. I think he is trying to push me over the edge. And he says I’m crazy and of course he cares and wants me to get better and he will try to help me find a counselor but he just thinks inpatient is a bad idea and that I am trying to self sabotage, which to be honest, is something I am known for doing.  I feel like even considering self admitting is me reaching past my tendency to self sabotage to try to be better but now I don’t know. Maybe he’s right?  If they keep me for 30 days I will lose my job and I also can’t afford to pay for any kind of hospital stay. What happens when you self admit?  Will they automatically keep me for 30 days?  Maybe it would be better for everyone, including me if I just went through with it and stopped being a burden to the 2 people in my life. Can anyone give me some perspective?  I have tried texting 2 crisis lines and felt worse both times. I just need help. "	sw
"Half the time I listen to music, I usually pretend I'm showing this string of songs to a friend or family member for the first time. It's something I guess I do to make the songs I love feel fresh. Trying to think of which songs I adore; that others in my life might feel the same enjoyment from.   This isn't to say I don't have friends in my life to share my musical interests with, it's just that the desire to share my taste with others is an entertainable scenario for myself whilst listening to music."	cc
I need a hug I need a hug and someone to cheer me up.	sw
"Oh man, I fucking love my friends group We all have different personalities, different interests and different backgrounds. We have different preferences, different tastes. Besides this, we all share the same sense of humor. We all disagree on a lot of issues but we accept each other for it and don't hold any hatred towards each other. We help each other when needed and have lots of fun when we are all together. It's also half guys and half girls so we have diversity all around. It's so much fun.  I used to have such a group up until I was 12-13. Then teenage happened along with narcissistic parents and a new school, new place and family separated so I spent most of my time with internet. This trend continued till I was 18 and then I moved out for college. Im 20 now, haven't talked to my parents for about 8 months and feel really good. I hope they live a happy life but I ain't gonna be a part of it now. It took me 2 years in college to get myself on track. I was fucked socially and emotionally and I feel like I'm slowly getting it together. My friends are all extroverts but accept me for who I am and that's pretty cool."	cc
how do you even begin to tell your parents about your suicidal ideations?  that they’d need to pay extra money to cure an illness they cant even see? how do you not come off as attention-seeking? how can i perfectly describe it to them?	sw
"I’m just really sad but scared of actually ending it all. To make a long story short, I feel like shit and college doesn’t make me feel any better. Aside from this, I’ve never loved myself. Middle school dropped my self-esteem to the ground and now I can’t imagine anyone wanting to be with me. I’m struggling with my sexuality and my parents are homophobic so I can’t imagine coming out going well for me. I tried talking to my mom about how I was literally about to end everything and kill myself last semester but I just got yelled at and called ungrateful. She told me that people go through tougher shit than I have and that her and my dad are too busy to deal with my issues now. I’m always there for my friends when they’re down and I don’t talk to them about my issues because I don’t want to drag them down. I feel like I’m at a dead end right now and just want this semester to end already so that I can have at least some of this weight off of my shoulders. I tried therapy for about 2 years a while back and it was working but my parents made me feel shitty for going because each meeting with my therapist cost $60, so they took me out of it because it was expensive. I want to end everything but I don’t want my family to have to pay for funeral expenses and have them traumatized for life. I don’t want to leave my friends behind because I know that my death would definitely take a toll on them. Last semester, I was in an even shittier place to the point where I actually walked around my campus looking for big buses or trucks driving around so that I could jump into them and get killed, but the guilt of scaring the driver and those around me at that moment was too much for me to handle. I do feel better now but I can feel myself sinking again. I just don’t know what to do right now and I’m lost. There might be grammar errors in this but I don’t care. I just want to talk to someone, please. I don’t know what to do and I feel like a lost cause; it really seems like I will only last 18 years if I keep this roller coaster of emotions up."	sw
"Bit of a socal situation i need help with Ok. So. So there's this kid at my school, and he is the most clingy, thinks-cussing-is-cool, unable-to-take-hints person you'll ever meet. Aaaaaand now he always hangs out with us. None of my friends want to hang out with him, either. So, naturally, we have been trying to nicely drop hints. It, obviously, doesn't work. I was wondering what all of you thought I should do.   Sorry if I kinda sound mean here, but it's the only way to explain"	cc
"To kill you or to kill myself? I'm tired of this world. I get abuse on a daily basis and try my hardest to be positive and polite but people... in this crappy town want to make me feel absolutely miserable 24/7. And you wanna know what the worst part is? My family members are to do with most of it. And, I am literally on the brink of getting a knife and killing as many people as I can get away with until I either get killed myself or arrested. I feel as if no one truly cares and I'm stuck. I know I need help but I swear this now... I will go berserk on the next person who starts being a passive bullying cunt to me. It's either gonna be me or them DEAD."	sw
"When your hopes of a fairytale ends For me it was being medically discharged from the military. The diagnosis they gave me, screwed me over really really badly for getting a job in the future. Also, I’ve reached an age (35) and an attractiveness level (too low) to know I’ll never be married or even have a proper gf. My life seems absolutely pointless. I failed, the journey is over. There is no fairytale for me, no happy ending. I can’t stand watching movies now, I remember in the past I would always think “someday” when you saw others succeed in the movie, whether it was their career or love life. Now I just know, it’s over. "	sw
"I bought myself an expensive gift! Things haven't been great for me financially over the last few months however I recently started working again and things are a lot better now. I turned 25 earlier this month and today I was finally able to buy myself a present, a Sonos One speaker. I always have music playing wherever I am and to finally hear it with such great quality it's so exciting for me! Happiest purchase in years!!!  You guys are welcome for a dance party! "	cc
"Overdose A few hours ago I wasn't really in control of myself and I ended up swallowing 7 times my normal dosage of Prozac, it's been 5 hours after sleeping and my body is starting to feel Ill, I've now starting to vomit. What should I do?"	sw
"All you 'Car' people: How do you do it? I'm just now starting down the road of working on my first hobby car, and it seems like every answer isn't just year/make/model plug-and-play, but also a maze of different interchangeable parts that only seems navigable by wizardry sorted by a numbering system that itself requires a certain expertise to understand. Not to mention the random assortment of 'tips' that you can only stumble across by that 1 guy on a forum somewhere where if you're going to do X, you might as well do Y, but you'll have to completely remove Z to get at either of them (also watch out for A or B in the process).  Is this honestly why people join Car Clubs, because collectively you rely on a hive mind of knowledge with how fluctuating answers can be?"	cc
How do you sleep? I usually can't find a comfortable position and last night laid in bed for two hours in the dark.  I ended up sleeping on my side (kind of upwards) with my left knee behind my right and my left hand in my right armpit.	cc
"I can't do it anymore I've been in a really really bad place for a very long time, and I just can't do it anymore.  Today especially has pushed me so close.  I think I should just do it now.  I've been doing my research and have decided what I'm going to do.  I just hope it doesn't take too long and that it doesn't hurt.  I don't want to hurt anymore."	sw
I always wonder who would care? But why would they? I'm just a brick in the wall.	sw
"I have a handfull of Naproxen and about another bottle in case I need more It's not something I'm proud of really. I'm only 15 and I do have things to look forward too. I have semi-good grades and in as many Honors and AP classes I can be in. My favorite band is being cryptic about new music, members, and a comic series. Hell, I'm even looking after my neighbor's dogs right now, but it really is getting to be too much.  I've been depressed for as long as I can remember, actually trying to commit suicide at 7 years old. It's a hereditary thing. I've tried talking to therapists and getting anti-depressants but nothing's changed. I have so many regrets. My mom has said before that if I die, she dies too. I don't doubt her. My asshole stepfather said I don't get a funeral or have any of my last wishes granted if I die. I don't even care anymore. I've been strong for so long that it's getting really hard to stay strong. I know I'm gonna kill myself in the future anyway, so why not right now, right?   I'll probably still be here in a couple of hours because I at least want to say goodbye to my friends and have a good last meal so... I guess that's it"	sw
"I just heard a new band for the first time today, and they instantly became my favorite band of the modern era. What was the last band you felt that way about? The band is Greta Van Fleet, and I only heard of them for the first time earlier today thanks to a mention in another thread (I gilded that comment in thanks!) I was 3/4 of the way through only the second song of theirs I'd ever heard, and it was obvious to me that this is my new favorite band of the modern era. I'm so thunderstruck. It's almost like they can't possibly be real, because their sound and style are so flawless. It's a Zep fan's fondest and most impossible dream come to pass into reality -  not a cover band, but a creative force of pure Zep sound with that elusive 'is that Robert Plant or not' authenticity and capable of creating that ultimate dream, new material. I bought their album and am listening to it for the first time right now. I keep finding myself sitting in my chair with my jaw hanging open, stunned at what my ears are hearing. I'm so excited about finding them that I really wonder if I'll be able to sleep tonight, and I'm 42 years old.   Have you ever had a song or a band affect you that way? What was it?"	cc
Your degree. Are you using it? I manage my local Walmart photo lab. I would say I probably don't use my degree. It's in Communications with an emphasis in public relations. I did not try very hard and got a C GPA in undergrad. But I am working on a postgraduate degree which I'm 10 hours away and maintain a 4.0 GPA. I want to become a hospital chaplain. That's the end goal	cc
"I wonder what's gonna finally tick me off I've been having suicidal thoughts ever since I remember. Lately a lot of shitty things have been happening, but I still manage to keep myself from dying.   I wonder if there's going to be a particular thing that ticks me off enough so that I'd kill myself.  I don't know why I posted this. "	sw
"I Highly Doubt It'll Get Much Better I've had semi-frequent suicidal thoughts since my sophomore year of high school, and as a college freshman, I don't see how the whole ""life gets better!!!1111!"" thing works. I'd say that in my life so far, most years are worse than the previous. Elementary school was ok, middle school was the only outlier in that I enjoyed it for some reason, the first half of high school was not great, the second half was bad, and now college is the worst. I am getting terrible grades and feel consistent stress.   I know the freshman year of college is supposed to be the easiest workload-wise, so I'm sure life will get worse when I am pulling more all-nighters than the almost weekly ones I have to pull this year. After college, I'll have to leave my friends yet again to work for a company that doesn't care for me and have adult responsibilities. I'll have to worry about money, way more frequent stressful social interactions, constant monotony, keeping my job. One of my high school teachers confirmed that life doesn't get better when she mentioned that she wishes she could be in our place when my friends and I were complaining.  I also just experienced my first breakup a month ago. I was with him for 3 years. I imagined living my life with him, experienced so many firsts with him. I will probably find someone else, but I will probably fall out of love with them too. They'll cheat on me once I'm no longer attractive; it happens to plenty of people. Love isn't worth living for. The future isn't worth living for. What's the point in staying alive then? The good days have never and will never outweigh the bad ones."	sw
"I have my drivers test in two hours and I’m scared I think I’m a perfectly good driver, but I know you can get failed for some pretty obscure stuff. Im worried I’ll do something stupid, like turn right when they say turn left lol  I’m in Massachusetts. If anyone has some last minute advice that would be great!"	cc
"no one wants or likes me, not even the people on Reddit I’ve tried everything. No one cares about me or even wants to be with me. I think it’s time I just remove myself from this world. I can’t do it anything more I’m not build for this life... "	sw
"My internet addiction is what's keeping me alive Every since I received my laptop as a gift from my dad when I was 8 I became addicted to it. It was so surreal and the only way for me to escape this world. Whenever my parents take away my laptop I feel like someone just took a part from me. When my parents had fights about divorce late at night like 3am I would wake up while crying then pull out my laptop and start playing minecraft, or watching youtube while tears rolled down my cheeks. I always dreamed of becoming a youtuber so I can feel my opinion was heard by others cause I always felt worthless. When my dad took my laptop away from me I would pretend that I was filming a video talking about my struggles and how to overcome it while strolling around my room. I never really felt genuine love from anybody, ever, and the internet was the only place that made me feel loved. I truly don't know if I can handle this world without the internet, it just makes me very numb but happy at the same time. I would truly smile when watching videos, but not when I spend time with friends and family. This is how much it mattered to me, and how it really reflected me as a person. I don't know how to cure it, nor do I know how to just take a break from. Last time I forced myself to give it up for 4 months of summer 2017 I broke into tears everyday. It's the only thing that helps take away the pain. I always think I can never last any longer than 2 years without the internet. It's my life, I'm afraid if I lose it I'll lose my soul along with it."	sw
"Anyone want to chat? I have a few hours free and am feeling quite lonely, so if anyone wants to chat about anything in the world just send me a message."	sw
"I'm tired of everything Things are stagnating. I don't have anyone who wants me around, people just blatantly lie to me about that not being true. I'm not really needed for anything anyway, and I don't think anyone is gonna notice if I stopped this nasty living habit.  I'm tired of getting up every morning to deal with the same shit, get the same results, and keep failing at being happy. I think that today might be my last day going through the motions.   Y'all don't need to comment and try stopping it, its not like anyone's gonna care or miss me, I just wanted to tell someone how I feel."	sw
"I've never been to as close to actually killing myself than tonight I've been suicidal and depressed for years. Thinking about being dead was the only way I could go to sleep sober for years. Except tonight I'm actually considering it. I've accepted it. I'm still not gonna do it tonight, but I'm strangely at peace with the whole idea. I think that means I will likely do it in the near future."	sw
"Today I have always helped others overcome their depression or loneliness. But today was day I felt so tired of life. I been struggling with depression and loneliness. Even though I am married, today I have caused that marriage to breakdown as I took pictures of myself naked on my laptop to see how I looked. I am ashamed of weight I have put on. I struggled all my life with it been my comfort as I was bullied because of my dyslexia and I was abused by a teacher when I was 5.     My wife thinks I am pervert and that I am having an affair. I hardly talk to anyone nowadays and never cheated on her.    I tried to reach out to her to make her understand and I tried reaching out to my mum but no one listened.   Just so tired that when I finish work in an hr I am going for long walk and than just end it. It is scary as I am atheist and I know after I do this it is end just total darkness. But today I am so tired of life that it doesn't hold fear for me anymore.    I am sorry I cant help others anymore to over come this "	sw
"Do people think your older or younger than your actual age? I usually get older.   Personality wise: I have a friend who’s three years older than me, and I’m friends with her because her sister and I have been best friends for six years. Well my friend who’s older, we’ll call her Racheal, has always told me, “There’s no way your (my age)” Racheal and I often have deep talks late at night and I guess I have a more *mature* perspective on things.   Then I’ve had quite a few internet friends who have always thought I was much older than I actually am. I’ve been on the internet for a long time, staring at a pretty young age. Being in the ass crack of conservative Texas, I probably would of had more conservative views and whatnot. But from being online at such a young age, I got to hear the perspective of things from different people. I guess that’s what’s shaped me to have a more mature personality because I always hung out with people who were much older. The thing is I never told any of my internet friends my age and they think I’m 3-5 years older than I actually am.   Then looks wise: I’ve not ever had one person tell me that I seemed older than I actually was. I feel like I look my age, but I think from how I dress people think I’m a few years older. Also my voice probably has a lot to do with that too. I naturally have a lower voice, especially when I talk to people who aren’t my friends. My voice tends to sink down into my throat and gets a bit lower.   Do you often get mistaken for being older or younger than you actually are?  "	cc
"Has anyone else lost weight and had to adjust to being considered attractive? I lost 90 pounds last year and I was fat my whole life (im 20). As someone who was never viewed as attractive, i never noticed things people do when you are attractive.  1.) The fucking staring. Holy shit i do not like when people stare at me ESPECIALLY when they don't say anything. But i keep getting reminded that ""she's just checking you out bro""  2.) More respect. When you're fat people look down on you and dont take anything you say seriously unless its tech talk. People in general seen to initially give you nore respect when you're not fat i guess.  3.) The ENERGY. I had no clue what it was like to have this kind of energy. I sleep better, don't snore, can run 3 miles as opposed to being tired after half a mile, and i have more stamina in bed.  These are just a few of the things i noticed after losing weight. Im still adjusting to being considered attractive because of old insecurities. I honestly don't feel good about myself until my weight loss is acknowledged. Otherwise, i still see the same person when i look into the mirror. I have had someone who absolutely thought i was 10/10 and was surprised that i only considered myself  5. I guess its just hard seeing myself differently when I've looked a certain way my whole life. Anyone else go through something similar?"	cc
"Failed my drivers test today Practiced all day for it, got everything down perfect. I got into the lot, all my paperwork in order, showed up early etc. Instructor told me I did the parallel parking beautifully, 3-point turn was great, he said ""you're a great driver"" and overall everything went super well. Then we came up to a red light, and I saw no ""No Right On Red"" signs, so I slowed down following two other cars who turned right in front of me, and I went right. He failed me on that as ""running a red light"" because I came to more of a rolling stop before turning instead of a full stop. It's fair, but I'm just super disappointed because of all the work and effort I went through to even get this appointment set up, get a car for it, and all that. I even read the entire RMV drivers handbook yesterday lol. Anyone have any drivers test horror stories to make me feel a little better?"	cc
"Help. I’m lewis. I’m 19. Recently I’ve been having a really tough time. I do graphic design for makeup companies and it gets very stressful at times. It’s been going downhill because of my ever deteriorating mental health (generalised anxiety, bipolar 2, ADD) these health issues also have been what I feel the cause to my mum and stepdad splitting up (my real dad died in a motorbike crash when I was 2) the majority of my friends all moved off to University and I’ve been left to fend for myself, none of them reply to texts or pick up my calls they all seem to be too ‘busy’ dispite one friend however he cannot constantly be my wall to sit on. I’ve been sat on a waiting list to see a therapist for months and it’s getting nowhere. Lately I feel like I’ve been spiralling down, getting into drugs (weed, xanax, coke, mdma) essentially whatever will give me a quick up to feel better. This however I know is not a solution but will just create more issues in the future. My panic attacks have got ever worse over the past few month and I can no longer control them as my prescription for Diazepam hat I used to calm myself was taken off me as the doctors found out I was abusing it. My mums recently gone into hospital for major surgery and is never available to talk to me, I spend most of my time at home on my computer doing artwork that no one appreciates. I’m starting to feel like I don’t want to be here anymore and this just won’t get better. I don’t know what to do but I just want a way out "	sw
"This situation scares me. I want to off myself,  more than a lot of things, but don’t have the energy to. I feel like when i get on depression/anxiety meds it will give me the energy to go through with it. Please give me advice."	sw
Done I don't know what to do anymore. I don't have enough money to go to college or get a car and I'm 19 now. I keep disappointing my family and friends and I'm not sleeping anymore. They don't know how I feel which I want to keep it like that. I think I might just end it and stop being a burden to everyone around me.  	sw
"Everyone complains about Facebook, but it's really useful for finding events! Also, the marketplace feature is surprisingly useful. I got a sweet desk for $120 recently that would have been like $500 at any store. I've found a lot of stuff that wasn't listed on kijiji that way. Also, I just found out about a cool event right near me through Facebook because a friend of mine is going too! I rarely scroll through my News Feed anymore, but I definitely spend a lot of time on the Events and Marketplace pages while also messaging people through Messenger. I love it!"	cc
Going to New York in June.. I’m from Los Angeles. Going for a week and don’t know exactly where I’ll be but what should I do there? I don’t think I care much for tourist attractions but I would love to try some food.   Chopped Cheese is on my list so far	cc
"Money keeps disappearing!? So every few days I notice my money goes down, and some ARE from me, but every once in awhile about $3 goes missing? I don't want to jump to conclusions but maybe it's being taken?   Has anything like this happened to you?"	cc
"I'm not sure what to do at this point. I keep falling back into the same patterns of addiction, depression and all the shit that comes with it,  the one thing that keeps me from going completely psycho is music, I guess that's how I've made it through one and a half semesters in college somehow and work. It's been losing its luster though I suppose. It was one of the only things I had left. I had a guy I was chatting with here from this sub, I'm pretty sure he took his life like I was planning to do, it was sobering in a way I guess. Realizing just how fragile life really can be and how quick it can be gone, not a day goes by where I don't blame myself for it. He was making plans to move to FL to help a friend out with a restaurant. He originally wanted to move to Hawaii but his friend took presidence and I didn't get a message from him since late last year I've more or less given up on the possibility of hearing back from him. I dunno it's just all I can do to barely make it through the day and then stay up til 4 because everything haunts me, then get 4 hours of sleep waking up at 8 nearly every day. I've tried everything from sleeping pills to completely cutting caffeine out nothing works, it's just really starting to weight down on me more and more and more. Maybe this is a goodbye or maybe a hello to someone who needs help and advice more than I do, I can't tell."	sw
I just tried to turn the water to my faucet off using a light switch I was washing tri tip juices off of my hands and then moved to the light switch to turn the water off. I was on autopilot but I don't understand why my brain thought that the light switch would turn the water off. Any idea why I did this? and do you people have any experiences doing things that are similar to this?	cc
"I don’t know what to do My friend wants to kill herself... I don’t know what to do... I’m slowly giving up... please anyone help me... she’s been verbal abused by her parents and she never told me what happened at her old school but by the way she says it, it sounds like hell... she doesn’t want hugs because it ‘reminds’ her of what happened at her old school. I’m running of things to say, I’m getting desperate please, anyone. I don’t want her to die. She cuts herself. She’s 12 please anyone..."	sw
"My nearing end The suicidal thoughts and depression started around 6 years ago when I was in highschool. Childhood consisted of moving house alot. Overall it was good, and I don’t remember ever wanting to die as a child. I dropped out of highschool and went to college, college didn’t work out it lasted a few years til I dropped out again. Now I have zero qualifications. I feel useless for society sitting at home doing absolutely nothing. Parents are divorced. I’ve never had a good healthy relationship with either of my parents. They constantly show they’re not interested in understanding my depression and I’m always arguing with them. I have alot of emotional pain from the bad relationship I’ve had with my parents. I don’t feel I belong in my family because I always put emotions first, and nobody in my family does that. I feel completely out of place and lonely.   I’ve been to counselling on and off for many years and I’ve tried medication. I’m currently talking to my psychologist once a week and I constantly lie to her about the suicidal thinking because I don’t want anyone to interfere when I do it. I say I don’t think about killing myself when all I think about is killing myself. I want it to be permanent. I’ve cut all ties with all of my friends. It broke my heart to have to distance myself from friends who have been there for me and listened when I needed a kind ear.   I have no hobbies/purpose. Depression is driving me insane and draining me of energy, and I’m afraid of what it might do to me if I keep living. I can’t sleep. I feel nauseous all the time. Head hurts. I don’t have any motivation to live anymore. As long as I’m alive, I give my mind the chance to mentally destroy me. I won’t have to feel a thing when I’m gone. If I stayed alive for other people even though I want to just end it, what could I possibly do for them in my state of mind? I can barely take care of myself, how am I supposed to be of use to anyone? I’m never going to find a partner to start a family with if I keep distancing myself away from everyone. It’s futile to keep existing. I’m going to die anyway so if I can at least control when, then I will.   Whoever read what I typed, thank you and I appreciate that you read it. "	sw
"My note I’ve finally reached my tipping point and I’ve began writing my suicide note and it’s breaking me writing it but those I leave behind deserve to know why because I can’t have them blaming themselves. I don’t want this life where I’m so plagued by my mind, where nothing feels right, I’m just beyond it all now and the pain is overwhelming.  My story is, I was born 21 years ago, my dad was an alcoholic, my mum was a pushover. I was 1 of 3 children,  also the youngest and only boy. Around the age of 1 my dad sexually assaulted my eldest sister and split our family apart, my mum being the way she was still let us have contact with him, but we was all messed up from his actions. Growing up I was always shy and reclusive, I mixed well in classes despite the low confidence and maintained decent grade. My dad died in 2010 and I missed and mourned a man I had mixed feelings for but he was my dad nonetheless. College came and I made no friends, I went in and I left as soon as it was time to go, my grades dropped dramatically but I still somehow managed to find my way into university. It was at this time I also found my first girlfriend, and things were somewhat good, there was good and bad as there are in every relationship but I broke up with her a bit after a year together and it hurt for the longest of times but I see that she’s moved on and she’s happy now and that’s enough reason for me to move on and leave her to be happy. This was the last two years of my life. No longer in university but have applied again and gotten in. I’ve tried working but the job I had I couldn’t handle the pressure and I would find myself becoming more suicidal because it wasn’t what I wanted to do and working for money alone wasn’t going to make me happy. I met another girl I was infatuated with but things wasn’t meant to be and a lot was said confusing me in the process and adding to my self doubt and hatred.   Since the time my dad has died I’ve seen 8 therapists, ranging from counsellor to psychiatrists, I’ve also tried meditation and cbt and I’m just as broken as ever "	sw
".. ""It gets better yada yada"" thank you but please don't tell me I don't have legit reasons to die. I'm wierd, ugly, depressed, failure. I literally haven't done anything with my life. Not doing this for attention, I just want to end this pain. I'm too chicken to do it myself."	sw
"Please help Hi, my names Jessica, im 15, and since probably mid middle school ive been diagnosed with general anxiety disorder, extreme depression, social anxiety, insomnia, bipolar, pretty much everything under the sun. Ive always been kind of a loser. I was always a bit of a bigger kid, an outcast, i had barely any friends and even then those friends were horrible and often times put me down. Ive dealt with gender and sexuality issues. Ive already been to a crisis center once. I lost an amazing friend i had due to emotional manipulation i hadnt realized i had been dishing out because of my paranoia, been called crazy by both her and her mom and now a lot of people at school are even worse to me then they were before. My mental illnesses have been painted off as attention seeking, my thoughts of suicide are now just attempts to ""drag people down."" I hate it, i hate living at this point and im too pathetic to commit suicide because im scared of the pain and im scared that i might have a good future but i still want to go get a gun from my dads room and shoot myself. Im so close to it, im tired of being sad and crying every day and feeling absolutely worthless. I feel literally completely numb like someones sucked every ounce of happiness out of my life. Ive never had someone comfort me, ive been alone with this for so long and i feel like im going to snap. No medicine has been working, ive been on 5 different psychiatric meds. I dont know what to do anymore  "	sw
"Reading through old messenger chat logs with old friends and crushes hits me with such a sad nostalgic feeling I was looking through a couple of my old messenger convo's with people i haven't talked to in years and it's so weird how it's all there,  how one moment you're talking super casually back and forth about some TV show and then suddenly you reach the last message you sent to that person ever.   It seems so wrong that most of the time the last message is some super mundane stuff, ""gotta study, see you tomorrow!""  like that. When i think back to it, i almost feel like i should have written an offical goodbye to close it up better ""I appreciate our friendship and i'am sorry that it has to end"" or something, lol.   You remember so much stuff reading through them as well, it's almost like a diary. Girls i dated or liked hits especially hard,  how you can see the awkward flirting in the beginning and how you grow more confident until you finally ask her out. The loving ""good night"" messages with heart emojis, and then later, the heartbroken hurtful words you send it each other  that now seems so pitty,  but at the time all  you wanted to do was hurt each other..   Drunk messages, plans,  groupchats, exchange of homework, silly youtube videos...it's all still there. If you lean in close and forget your surroundings, it's almost as if you can pretend you're still there, mustering up the courage to send her that first message...   idk maybe i'm weird like that       "	cc
How Was Everyone’s Easter Break? How was everyone’s Easter? What did you get up too? Eat much chocolate?	cc
"Killing myself? Its more likely than you think Wooptee doo Im new to this reddit stuff so yeah, instead of making the 76 pages long homework i have due tomorrow I decided to submit a post here to ""give me some time"" or something like that. Honestly, I know youll think im delicate as a flower but ive been trough some stuff and honestly its haunting me. From bullying, to a very premature suicide attempt,to my dad dying ,then doubting my sexuality, then getting an ed and being in rehab just to be forcefully removed when things were getting better, and finally, changing cities because economic problems. I honestly dont care what the future has for me, even if I imagine myself doing what i love i just feel...eh. Probably because I cant believe myself being happy or something like that. The future just seems very unclear and bleak to me. I keep thinking about my friends in rehab and my old school, and the surroundings, and all the things we would talk about and how everything would have turned out. It hurts, and honestly i can't live stuck in the past, but moving on seems just way too hard and boring. But guess this is my punishment for not being grateful enough. Its like theres a big guy in the sky that keeps giving me poison and expects me to kiss his ass when he throws me crumbs. It sounds dumb and obnoxious but thats just how it feels to me."	sw
"Need help writing a song. I'm looking for a modern day variation of the classic adage ""like a moth to a flame"". Basically, if you're unfamiliar, moths/bugs are attracted to flames for whatever reason. They're attracted to something that can kill them. Anyone know any variations on this old saying?  I'm asking because I'm writing a pop song with this theme, and I want the chorus to be a variation on this similie. I normally just write everything myself, but I'm having trouble getting this song's lyrics finalized. The general vibe of the song is essentially ""it's a sick joke that I can't let you go after you keep letting me down... like why do I keep coming back...wtf is wrong with me... why can't I just drop you"" and I'm kind of half laughing, half crying about it. I'm arguing with myself essentially. I'm simultaneously aware of how irrational I'm being, but I still can't help myself.  The right metaphor will become the chorus/song title and can really make or break the song. If I use your idea I'll give you a writing credit if you want one (bookmark me, this account ain't going anywhere).  Right now the song has a futuristic feel. There's a talkbox in the chorus, and some funk guitar. There's also some wah-wah synths. Lots of harmonies and layers to the vocals. It's just really funky and dancey. The verses are pretty much done, I just keep tweaking the lyrics a bit.  Just figured I'd try Reddit in case y'all have any ideas here. Not expecting anything of course. Thank you!"	cc
"What was your last month like? Exactly as the title says, what was your March like?  Mine was rad, over the course of the month I dropped 11 lbs, put on some muscle that I've lost over the years, found out how much I mean to a lot of people, and it's a lot. Not sure if I can live up to it, but I'll do my damnedest to try.  Beyond that, I finally approached a chick that I think is really cute, and it went swimmingly, even when I fucked up kinda hard she at least giggled. Big milestone for me.  I want to hear anything you got from this month, don't be afraid to talk about it or ask me about anything!!"	cc
Did opening up about your suicidal thoughts help you out? I was think about confessing how suicidal I feel to my father. Should I? I fear the only effect my confession would have is that I'd worry him more. Has any of you told someone you don't want to live anymore? Did it make you feel even a little bit better? 	sw
"I just got back from seeing Ready Player One [spoiler alert] I loved the premise and the idea of “go anywhere be anyone do anything.” As a gamer, I loved all the references and it got me thinking about what I’d do if there were such a thing. Like when >!Wade was in the armory getting all the guns After he got the first key, there was a Halo store a borderlands store, I saw Commander Shepard doing the Shepard shuffle in the nightclub scene.!< The message about living in the real world and not just immersing in escapism was a powerful message to me. But also it got me thinking, what games from my era (late 90s, 2000s, etc) will we look back on fondly in the 2020s and 2040s.   Also...how do you hide text for spoilers?"	cc
"Does anyone else overthink situations like crazy then when it comes to it, it turns out to be nothing? I have really bad anxiety. I will overthink situations and think of everyone possible worst solution then when it comes to it it turns out to be nothing to even worry about.   For example, at work if a coworker didn't say hi to me or something I'd immediately think I didn't something wrong to upset then and worry about that the whole shift. It's really annoying and something that's hard to shake. It makes me a nervous wreck and something I struggle with.   Anyone have the same problem? "	cc
"I am a worthless, talentless,sack of shit and I want to die Title pretty much says it all. I am so below average in everything I do and no matter how hard I try I will never reach any goal I set. I’m a fucking failure compared towards my siblings who were valedictorians. I thought I was actually good at one thing, because I invested all my time into it, but in reality I am just average in the sport too. Also, My family and friends are at times SO FUCKING TOXIC and I just wanna end it.  I wanna bite down on the nozzle of a gun till my teeth crack and then just fucking die. "	sw
"I wish I could The only thing keeping me from suicide is how much of a fucking coward I am. I wish I could so bad. If I never do my next best option is moving far, far away where I can be a whole new person and leave all the trauma and people behind."	sw
"I have a favorite communal mug at work. In your opinion, is it okay to take it home if I bring a replacement of equal quality? I wouldn't want to just take the mug, but if I leave one in its place is that wrong? The communal mugs are non-matching, this one just happens to be my favorite.  EDIT: Now that I know who made the mug, I've decided to buy myself an identical one. Thanks for your help with this moral dilemma."	cc
"An elderly woman said i was a “tough guy” after practice yesterday. An elderly woman said i was a “tough guy” after practice yesterday. Made me feel proud. Casual compliments from strangers in the street are the best! Especially as someone over 300 lbs. and with little academic success.  It brightened my day and even though it happened a day prior, i wish you the same thing today!"	cc
Does anyone else feel lonely even though they aren’t really? I have friends to reach out to and talk to but I guess I feel they don’t want to talk to me? Some days I don’t even want to talk to anyone even though I know that’s the best for me. Does anyone have a similar feeling? It’s weird.	cc
"Okie Dokie vs. Okey Dokey.      My friend and I got into a really heated argument on whether ""okie dokie"" or ""okey dokey"" is correct. I was on the -ie side, she was on the -ey side. We took about 30 fellow students and asked them which way they spelled it. All of them said that they use -ie. We consulted her mother, an English teacher, who said that she spelled it -ey. Her mother, however directed us to a different English teacher, claiming that the other teacher was much smarter than her. The other teacher told us that she used -ie. We consulted Dictionary.com, which spelled it with an -ey.       Just came here to ask you guys what you say. -ie or -ey?      "	cc
"Contacting someone on reddit Hey reddit id like your advice on something.  A while back i was talking to another user, what i really appreciated was the thoughtful responses and exchanges that we had.  Theres no romantic undertones that i am hoping for or anything.  From what i could tell there wasnt any bubbling tension or anything, but eventually she stopped responding.  I completely understand that people come and go, so that part doesnt really bother me.  But having it out of the blue sort of confused me.  I was wondering if its worth it to try to reach out or just let it go?  Id really like to make international friends."	cc
I got five stitches in my wrist and now I’m scared I’m scared of myself. I always think about hurting myself but I never thought I would... I just grabbed the razor and sliced. I wasn’t thinking I just did it. It didn’t even hurt. It was so deep... I’m scared because if I can do that (I don’t like blood) then what else am I capable of? I keep thinking about what I did and what I might do and I feel sick	sw
"Should I take the job with more pay but longer commute or stay at current job that's closer to home but with less pay? I've been lurking this subreddit for a while and have never made a post but you all seem nice and reasonable people so I'd like to ask for some advice!  At my friend's job there is a 8am-5pm position with weekends off that pays $17/hr but it's far from where I live so I would have to commute 2+ hours a day. My current job is 7:30am-4:30pm also with weekends off, pays $12/hr, and is only a little over an hour commute a day. The new job has possibilities of getting a promotion while at my current job there is absolutely none.  Having my current job gives me time to go to the gym and relax at home after work. The new job would mean I have to wake up earlier, deal with traffic 5 days out of the week, less sleep, and less leisure time after work. I'm sure it seems silly but I've had a job with a long commute before and it was draining. I had no time to do anything except eat dinner and maybe watch an episode of something on Netflix so I could then go to bed early to wake up at 5am... but $17/hr is so much money to me. So much lol.  I've already applied for it and I've been asking my friends about what I should do... the majority say to take the job if I get the offer but I'd like to hear what everyone else thinks. :)"	cc
"everything hurts i don't know what to do to fix how i feel besides getting away from my transphobic parents (since i'm non-binary) and i don't have enough money and i hate having to go to community college because i kind of tried to kill myself last year and i hate feeling like every day is exactly the same and i hate that i'm eating healthy and working out and taking antidepressants and everything and it still hurts every day and i don't want to live like this anymore please what do i do to make it stop hurting i don't know what i did to deserve this i want things to get better and i'm trying really, really hard but it hasn't gotten better and i think maybe it's because i'm bad and evil and i deserve it. i just want to be happy and i'm tired of waking up to every day being exactly like the last and i know i keep repeating myself but i don't know what to do anymore and i'm so tired of being so sad all the time"	sw
"I'm currently in medical school, my awesome housemate has graduated and I'm feeling extremely lonely, can't study, what's up everyone? Well besides the studying, I've started working out again and it feels nice. I'm trying to think of places to go to for my vacation in California! "	cc
"Again, I made the mistake of thinking someone was talking to me when they weren't. How often does this happen to you guys? Today someone said ""Hi"" in my direction, but they were talking to someone directly behind me. I cringed when I responded back."	cc
"22 hours, 48 minutes. This is all the time I've got of my last day. There actually were a few things I wanted to prepare before I do it, but I ended up thinking I should spend my last days doing the stuff I would like to do.  I will make a small video, explaining what has led me to commit suicide, and what my thoughts about suicide are. The upload for that video will be started a bit earlier before I head out. I'll stand up at 00:00 in the night, grab a razorblade, a knife, a few other things, and head outside. I will take a walk through the forest nearby, to a place near a cliff that has a beautiful view (you can see for more than 50 kilometers from there). There's a bench neear that spot. I'll sit there. Enjoy the atmosphere of the night, the nice view, for a last time. Then, without thinking much or hesitating I'm going to kill myself.   Either that happens, or a random miracle that solves my problems and (mental) health issues  happens.  From 19 years of living, I only lived seven years without wanting to die.  I have asked for help when I was 12. I wasnt taken serious. I have said that I'm heavily plagued by suicide related thoughts when I was 16, no one helped. I have spent my time and money to find psychiatrists, therapists, people who could help solving my issues. None of them helped me.  I have said I'm going to kill myself within the next days, and again I am not taken serious.  Even if I would get the help now, it is too late. "	sw
"I just need to get this off my chest I was dating this AMAZING girl for about three months now. Things were going great and I was enjoy every second we spent together.  Fast forward, and my 50 year old co worker comes up to me and says ""isn't this your gf?"" And shows me his POF app. She's on there basically selling herself to ""rich daddies"" (She's 18 and gorgeous).  I confront her on text because I'm still at work. She comes clean that she's been fucking other guys on the side for cash. Sometimes in MY BED.  She had my credit card from earlier for a small purchase. Once all this is out in the open she maxes out my card (about 10k) then jumps on a plane to a different province.  I still see her on POF... I made an account to try to contract her. Not sure why.  I really don't even care about the money. I thought I was going to marry that girl though.  Oh. Also my childhood dog was run over this weekend. So that's fun.   Tldr:  The girl I was going to marry breaks my heart and my dog dies.     Not really sure why I'm posting this. I'm just feeling really really down and I desperately need the support. I'm at the point where I really don't care if I wake up in the morning. I think I'd actually prefer that."	sw
"Half done Scrubbing We've moved house. Now I am scrubbing the old one before handing the keys back to ensure we get all of our bond returned.  This house was trashed when we received it, there were even dirty underpants stuck to the wall downstairs, yet they are demanding it be returned ""pristine.""  Please, does anyone have any stories where they won against nit-picky RealEstates? I need a break from these gloves"	cc
"I got accepted into grad school! I currently go to school for Exercise Science, and just got accepted into the same school for a Masters in Sports Science, with a concentration in both Exercise Physiology and Strength & Conditioning! This is more-so of a backup plan for me, in case Occupational Therapy schools don't accept me next year, but even if they don't it's a backup plan that I love. I just wanted to share, is anyone else here in grad school? What do you study?"	cc
"What music are you listening to right now? Recommend me a song or two. Recommend me an album :) It's amazing how a good song can change your whole mood. I need some new music to listen to.   I like indie-ish music. But I don't know, I'm really out of touch. I like mainstream music too, sometimes. I rarely active seek out new music to listen to. I usually stumble across songs that I like at the gym, at the movies etc and I'll look it up. No judgment, cause I'm the furthest away from a music snob. I'm listening to the 'Love, Simon' soundtrack now, and it's nice.  Edit: Oh wow, so many recommendations! I'm a happy girl, hahha. Slowly but steadily checking out all the songs now. Thanks :) "	cc
"Today has been amazing So, my sisters been battling breast cancer for the last few months and today she got the all clear from the consultant. She’s going to be fine- I can’t tell you how relieved I am that finally she has the all clear. I feel like my whole life was built up to this point. I couldn’t imagine life without my two sisters. On top of that- I work in an industry that gets audited every few months by a framework called H.T.E and I got us through it with an amazing mark. I’m so happy. It’s proof that I’m doing my job, not just right but well. I feel like my whole career since 2010 has been leading to this. It’s proof I’m good at what I do. Couldn’t be happier than I am right now! "	cc
"It's not an option... ..but I keep turning to the idea again and again. I've had almost twenty years where I have considered suicide as an option. I've just started to try to take it off the table but the idea persists. I'm thinking about it right now...I'm not depressed...I'm intensely anxious, I'm trying to calm myself, to pull out of it, but one calming thought isn't a thought I should be entertaining - I can quit if things are bad.   I don't WANT to be thinking this. I know it shouldn't be an option. I know what I have to do if I start going for the optionless option.   I am calming a little but not really...I'm dissociating. "	sw
My last trip begins! 	sw
"Idk I'm kinda hoping someone disagrees with my points Okay, so, I'm smart, I've never, ever been unable to not understand something, a quick read and I can get philosophical about any subject you name. I'll get to why this is the issue in a bit. I was bullied, took comfort in a teacher, was raped by him for 4 years straight, from 9 to 13, when he was caught by my principal he was fired and I was told not to speak, so I didn't. I eventually repressed it all and started hearing voices and noises that didn't exist. My mom got into an accident in 2007 (I'm 18 now) and had to have a lot of surgeries and homeotherapy because her spinal cord was exposed and so she was pretty much always on pain meds, my father worked abroad to pay for the whole thing and my sister was in an abusive relationship so I told no one. My family's great, they're nice and awesome and supportive, it was just shit timing. 15 I got raped again, a very close friend of mine, long story short I went to his house early in the morning and fell asleep on his couch, fought him for 3 minutes and when I eventually got away from him I yelled and we fought, but he seemed in shock himself, a couple of months later I repressed it and forgot about it, when friends would ask why we fell out I'd say ""he tried to make a move and I rejected him"" and I believed it. So eventually, when he texted me to tell me he wanted to apologise about what happened in person, I was okay with it, so I went, and remembered, and snapped, I lost control of my wording and my temper and I told him I'd never forgive him and that he should just kill himself. He did, right after I left he texted me ""I'm sorry, goodbye"" I freaked out, stopped the taxi, turned around and went back into the building, when I entered his apartment (he lived alone, his family was rich) cooling water was filled with blood, I killed him. Eventually I forgot that too, I have a habit of repressing what I don't like.  4 months later my family travels for a week, leaving me alone at the house, a friend of my sister's got cancer so my mother and sister went to visit and my dad was abroad, I stayed home to watch our new puppy. Months later I got sent pictures and videos of someone going into my house, petting my naked body very lightly while I was blissfully asleep, it was during their travel, he threatened me; rape, murder and everything in-between, when I tried to call the police he sent me a message telling me to close or he'd come and rape me and my family (he wasn't good at English, which made it scarier for me tbh) I listened to what he said and sent whatever he wanted until I figured a way to contact the police, he got probation and a restraining order was issued, if I pursued for more I would've been evicted from the country I was living in so I just let it be. 3 months after that was over, at the start of 11th grade, the pictures get spread, I become public property, when I'd go out I'd get guys telling me to strip and trying to touch me, I was just a body walking, a scared, cold body. I got an eating disorder after, random people telling you you're not good enough and pointing out every mistake in your body does that. I'm 4 kilos underweight, and that's my highest weight in a year. I'd wear padding and make sure no one from my family saw me naked but eventually they found laxatives and we booked to go for a psychiatrist. She diagnosed me with bpd from the first session, I brushed upon the whole rape thing and she said I should have 2 weeks of in-patient and take 3 meds as a starter, I still didn't get the meds, my family is scared of them so now we're jumping between psychiatrists. I attempted suicide many times, always resolving not to last second because I'd hurt many people in the process, I'm extroverted so I have a lot of friends, I'm good with advice so I have a lot of friends that consider themselves close to me, and I try to be nice, I don't have people that hate me (that I know of). Now, why I'm typing this; I'm not going to kill myself now, it'll be a bad time, I'll hurt too many people and I'll scar my boyfriend, but I'm not not suicidal, I'm just waiting for the right time. Finally, why the smart matters, like I said, I've never not understood something, I can't understand my calculus homework, I'm in advanced calculus, I used to understand what I was taking easily, now I just can't, I know this seems like the stupidest reason of all to be frustrated or see as the last straw but I can't understand it, I am obsessed with control, it's how I could hide and be fine, if I didn't talk I was fine, if I learned the right coping mechanisms I could handle everything fine, if I could depend on myself I never have to feel alone, it just feels like with everything piling on, this is the last bit of good I had in me, my intelligence, I'm worthless, I'm nothing and I'm broken (not in a delusional way, I genuinely believe that I'm nothing but the product of the bad that happened to me, I read because I had nothing else, I let my teacher rape me because I craved love, I didn't tell.. because I was stupid) this is all simplified, if you've read this far and are curious for the rest (because this is too long lmao) just reply, I'll fill you in. I'm not telling you to rescue me, or give me hope, I know that the future is better than the present, no matter what, it's a law of life I made for myself. I'm just asking that you objectively assess with me where my life is going, how I am (like as a personality) and maybe argue with me and my points, maybe you'll change something in my perspective. I hope I didn't tire you out with all this reading, have a good, merry day, hope everything turns out alright :) for you and me."	sw
Does anyone give themselves a deadline? There came a point in my life when I gave myself one year to live but I calmed down. Lately I've been getting these suicidal thoughts  again. The problem is I'm Christian now and that goes against my faith. Sometimes I question my faith as I've only recanted converted. I can't fight off these suicidal thoughts. If I have say less than one year to life I just don't feel as much pressure. As it is it's a combination of logic and emotions that have driven me to this point. I can't say I can think of a better reason to end my life than the simple fact that I can't escape myself.	sw
"Everything I do is wrong. I’m literally good for nothing. Everyone hates me. People can only stand me for ~4 before I do something that absolutely fucks it up. I’m always doing the wrong thing. I’m such a fucking idiot and now I’m alone. I deserve it. I try to make friends, but everyone thinks I’m stupid. I’m a mistake of a human being and there’s nothing good about me. I’ve always said I’d kill myself on my 18th birthday because I know it would only be downhill from there. My birthday is on May 2nd and I can’t wait. For a second I actually thought I was worth something, that I could have a great future. I was just being stupid. All my dreams are unachievable and stupid. I hate who I am.   "	sw
"I’m departing this world in 3 hours. I’ve made the decision to leave in 3 hours. I’ve been through a countless amount of emotional torture and stress. I’m in constant depression and I’m suicidal. I have anxiety and I can’t deal with life for one more day. I’m a 20 year old male, I don’t know where I’m going or what I’m doing. I feel like this is the most humane thing.   I wish all of you on here a recovery and happiness. Depression is a horrible thing and no one should have to suffer with it. I love all of you and have so much respect for all of you because we are all battling the same thing and we all know how hard it is for eachother. We are almost a family here. To all the people that continue to battle it, I respect all of you.   For me, I have lost this battle.  Thank you all, Much love, M."	sw
"Need some advice on how to man up and commit suicide. I have been depressed all my life and have been wanting to kill myself for sometime. I have thoughts about hanging myself or maybe getting N to kill myself, but I'm a complete wimp who cannot for some reason go through with killing myself. I just hate living and never had a traumatic experience to ever hate living. I almost hung myself a few years back but the cord broke so I am sadly still here existing. "	sw
Why do ppl point fingers at others? Like for example you see a person that you know and you walk by them pointing at them but not in a happy or friendly way Like your singling the person out has you walk past them	cc
"I have no reason at all to live. My family is judgmental, my mother is dead, my father is a meth addict, I was forced to drop out of school, my dog was taken away from me, I'm ugly, fat and useless. My life is nothing but pain and the occasional glimmer of nothingness that's only slightly better than the pain. Everyone would be over it in a few days if I offed myself. It makes me happy to think about blowing my brains out and dying. Not having to deal with it anymore. I tried talking to my family and they basically gave me the ""Oh well, my life sucks too"" line. All I want is a fucking hug, I can't even have that. Life fucked me over so bad and all I wanna do is die. I miss my mom and my dog."	sw
"Anyone else a fan? Hello everyone,  I am posting this just to see if there are other people like me who really enjoy apple products such as iPhone's & iPod Touches. I just ordered a iPod Touch 4th Generation from ebay, I know it is kinda old and well probably obselete but I still like the old Apple Products it brings back good memories for me. Does anyone else have fond memories of Apple or Android Products? If so feel free to comment your fondest memory of it. Have a great day :\)"	cc
"Online friend sends last message implying suicide and then never replies again I don't know what to do. She has been suicidal and depressed for years, I always told her to reach out but she kept on telling me that mental health care wasn't a thing in her country. I don't know where she is located because she didn't tell me, I don't know her full name, nor anything about her family or friends. She mentioned russia a while ago but when I mentioned it she said she wasn't there anymore. I had to talk her out of multiple attempts throughout our chats but this time she just left a message saying that she is tired and will leave forever. I spammed her with suicide hot lines and messages but she didn't even read them. It's not the first time I am facing the suicide of someone but I don't know what I will do if she genuinely went with it. Is there anything else I can do?  My guilt is killing me."	sw
"I have a new job! And I am very excited about it. I will be helping out behind the scenes at a movie theatre. It will be the first time in my life that I have a job with a contract, earning a lot more than what I have been earning in the last year.  I am nervous that I might stupidly blow my money away since I am not really used to budgeting more than a few hundred euros a month. Does anybody have any advice on this?  P.s. How are you doing?"	cc
"Anyone here that got rid of suicidal thoughts? I want to preface this by saying that I hate to create any drama. I want to make it clear that I've got no plans on actually committing suicide, since I could never put that burden of sorrow on my dear family (and I'm of course scared of dying.)  However, I can't get rid of the thoughts of really, really wanting to die. The times I've actually ingested too much of some substance (by accident) and feeling like I was about to die I was very scared, and wanted nothing more than to live. But in my day to day life, I think about suicide very frequently. Once again I wouldn't do it, but the thoughts are very tempting.   I'd just like to hear from someone who used to be suicidal, but isn't anymore, and how you overcame it. I personally don't think, once the thought is there, that it is possible to remove it. I would be very happy to be proved otherwise though, as I'm not here to argue but maybe get some new perspective on things.  Thank you in advance."	sw
"Recently adopted the minimal texting lifestyle, now concerned I'm seen as indifferent I used to text/Gchat with my two friends everyday. Would text my nieces at least every few days and when online dating I'd try to keep a consistent texting cadence. Then in all honesty a guy I was into didn't text back the same and that would drive me nuts. After a few weeks I realized that my texting lifestyle and expectations weren't healthy. So I changed and only text to make meet in person. Only kept the same with my nieces bc they are family and want to be involved in their lives. It was hard to change and now I find it odd to text a few times a day.    However, I started to online date again. The individuals I hit it off don't text often with me and I only really text to set up next date. I am now wondering if it might come off as not being interested in them.   Your experience with minimal texting?"	cc
"Finally committing suicide because I fucked up Dear those who care, I am writing this post, not out of desperation, but because I have no one else to inform about my fatal plan and final decision. And I feel I have to write it down, in order to wrap my mind around it.   Okay. My name is Mads. I am from Denmark, and currently eighteen years of age. Would’ve turned 19 in July. I have for a long time been struggling with depression and anxiety. I’ve sometimes been suicidal but haven’t had the guts to do it, nor actually having a legitimate reason to do it. I’ve been on antidepressants for about 9 months now, and they haven’t helped much. But this isn’t the reason I’ve decided to end my life. Today, Thursday April 9th, I fucked up. Bad. I’m too humiliated to admit what I’ve done. But a police report against me have been filed. I do not think it was necessary, I haven’t done anything technically illegal (just know that), but it puts me in a bad light. But the person filed it anyways. Out of revenge. I informed the individual that it would destroy me and I would most likely commit suicide because of it. And the person responded, that he would gladly destroy my life, and didn’t care that I was suicidal. That was my own issue. Which is true.  I’ve been told by the same person that in eight to ten days the police will be contacting me and or my parents. But I can’t live with that. If my parents find out, they will never forgive me. They might say they will, but deep down I know they won’t. I won’t be able live with that every time time they look at me, this thing will be in the back of their mind. Nor the humiliation.  So, I’ve decided to hang myself. I will be alone from Saturday morning until Sunday afternoon. During that time I will have committed suicide. I’ve decided to do it with my dog’s leash. From the top of the stair railing. I’ve tried tightening the leash around my neck, to see what it feels like. Doesn’t hurt that much. It’s uncomfortable, but I have a high pain tolerance.  It will definitely be successful. I’ve researched it. As long as no one stops me, it will only take a few minutes until I’m dead. I will most likely be doing it in the middle of the night, since the neighbors then won’t be able to notice and stop me. Èdith Piaf will be playing, since I enjoy her music, and think it will be perfect to die to.  These last few days I’m going to make sure are perfect. I want to be happy when I leave. Will be eating my favorite meal, watch some of my favorite movies and tv shows. Might play some video games. Just have a good time. I’m kind of looking forward to it.  So dear strangers, now you know. It was nice to write it down, and get it off my chest.  My time is over. And I’m at peace with that. I’ve had a nice enough life. We are all going to die. I’ve just decided how and when"	sw
"This is my life, please read and I would appreciate people’s input. TIA A brief bit about me, I’m a 20 year old male. I’m Irish. I am depressed, anxious, stressed, in constant discontent and unhappiness. When I was 8 years old, my father killed himself. Me and my mother have a very rough relationship and I don’t really have any support from anyone. I can’t fault my mother, she’s fantastic but we just don’t have a great relationship. I’m finishing my 2nd year of college out of 4 years. I am beyond stressed, I am up to my neck in work and assignments and I feel I am very behind. I have no idea what I want to do with my life or what I want to be, the course I am doing in college isn’t for me but I can’t drop out because I don’t have anywhere else to do or go to and it makes it that bit harder not knowing what I want to do.  I’m suicidal and I have the most horrible thoughts. I have no guidance or advice. I really want to feel happy to be alive and I want to feel like I want to be alive. My girlfriend of 2.5 years broke up with me just under two months ago which had a huge impact on me. It was my fault, she was amazing. I don’t feel like I have any friends that I can call a real friend. I don’t really have a person. I find everything so difficult. I have no drive, no determination and have completely lost my will to be alive. I’ve tried to kill my self and I self harm. I really want to be happy. I’m not sure on how to put my feelings into words but I feel like I’m being mentally tortured every day. I’d love if anyone would read this and give me their honest input. I’d love some advice or guidance or help from anyone. It would mean so much to me. Thank you."	sw
"Thousands of miles away I am thousands of miles away from my partner  I fucked up  I am mean to my partner during fights   I had a blog that I used to get all of my negative thoughts out mostly intrusive thoughts  I forgot to block a mutual friend  My partner saw a post about them and is going to end our relationship most likely, and to top it all off I am on the other side of the country for a conference for three days and they are leaving the state as soon as I get back  We have a whole life together, our cats just started getting along and I love them so much but I fucked up so bad posting something I don't even really feel just to get it out of my head  I am so fucking stupid I am so horrible and I can't spend three days across the country I can't do this I am hysterical I didn't mean for any of this  The one good thing I ever did  Edit   I have a lot of ways to do it here at this hotel I think and I'm going to see how I can do it without letting anyone find out until the end of the conference. I am too cowardly too do it a painful way so we will see if I can rig a noose or OD on something. I am a coward right now "	sw
"Is it weird to feel empathy for a fish? I haven't fished since I was a little kid and back then it would upset me to see the fish that I or my dad would catch because it looked like they were in pain. I am an adult now and figured that was just because I was a kid but after catching one today with my girlfriend I almost cried because I felt so bad about it. It hurt me to see it and I still feel guilty about it. Am I weird for feeling this way?   Edit: I know it is common to be empathetic towards animals, I guess I better question is it weird to feel such guilt about something like fishing?"	cc
"What is your purpose in life? What is it that you hope to achieve with your time on Earth, and why do you wish to achieve that?  For me, I hope to do three things:  Create something purposeful  Motivate and help those around me  Be accountable and dependable in times of trouble or crisis   Generally speaking, we change ourselves to be closer to the ideal person for hitting the target at wich we aim. I think that we can all learn alot about ourselves and who we want to become from this question. Any thoughts?  "	cc
"I just feel I have nothing worth living for. I feel useless. Im 21M, my ldr relationship is falling apart after a year and a half together, I live with my grandparents cause my job doesn't pay enough to live alone. I don't have a diploma or degree, I have absolutely no drive to get those things either. I don't have any hobbies really. I feel empty and broken. I have no idea how I will survive this break up if it happens. I wanted everything with her. She got me to travel and I even got a ring. I have nothing. I am what feels like literally nothing. Part of me just wants to blow all my savings on a trip to go around some parts of the world and die somewhere out there. I just don't know what to do."	sw
"No motivation. I can’t even bring myself to actually plan out my suicide. Too lazy to look for some fentanyl, too stupid to learn how to tie a noose, too chickenshit to jump off a roof. Why am I so fucking unmotivated to do anything? Killing myself will be the greatest thing I’ve ever fucking done. I’m fucking garbage at literally everything."	sw
"My therapist just stood me up I recently moved to a town about two hours from my old city, but decided to stick with my psychologist because I liked him. This means that I have about a 4 hour round trip when I want to have a session. That plus the session itself means that my entire evening is committed to our sessions.    Tonight I made that drive and was waiting patiently in the waiting room and browsing reddit at five til, when someone else comes in. My psychologist shares office space, so that’s not unusual.  Then psych asks me to step aside and talk. It turns out that when we spoke, he didn’t write down our appointment. He apologized and we rescheduled, but that doesn’t give me back the Wednesday night and quarter tank of gas I devoted to this, and it doesn’t make the trip back for our rescheduled appointment any quicker.    Now that you’ve read my rant, what do you think? How would you feel? Is it okay to be mad at your therapist? Is it okay to express this? How would you respond? "	cc
I think I'm getting somewhere I recently found out I got nominated for a scholarship and was chosen as the recipient! I never thought I was ever the type of student a professor or counselor would have in mind when having to nominate someone. I'm honestly so happy that I start tearing up at just the mere thought.	cc
"Why even exist? I can't do thing fucking right and I'm mentally retarded. I hate the way I look, react and everything else I have been born with. I hate my fucking life, I have no damn friends I talk with and I can't ever get out and socialize. What is fucking wrong with me, can't even go one place without fucking up something or bitched at. I can't stand fucking people anymore, all they do is hurt, hurt and hurt you even more. This world is a big fuck up anyways, people don't care for each other at all. We all die anyways so why don't I just end myself off so I can stop using resources others need."	sw
"I don’t know what to do anymore I’m totally clueless. I have no idea what I want to do with myself. I can’t keep living like this it is hell. I just want to kill myself. I’ve tried searching for reasons to live but I just can’t find any. There’s no friends to stay alive for, my pets would be fine without me, I doubt my parents would care very much at all. I just want to not feel anymore. I’ve already tried killing myself before but I couldn’t do it properly. I’ve been in programs for depression for weeks on end. Nothing is seeming to bring me out of this depression. I so badly want to be happy but just can’t. I’ve fucked my body up so much from cutting myself from all the times I’ve wanted to end it but decided that to just cut instead but I just can’t keep cutting anymore. Please can someone just help me get through tonight. "	sw
Getting jaw surgery tomorrow. How can I update others without going overboard? Don't want to share on FB because I'll then get a bunch of comments I have to respond to. 	cc
"Just lifted weights for the first time ever So I've had a pair of dumbbells sitting in my closet for months, until today I decided to finally put them to use. I found a video on YouTube for a 15 minute beginners workout so I did that and now my body aches but it's a good ache if that makes sense! Hoping to do it more often now, and also start eating better too :) "	cc
second attempt My first attempt to hang myself failed now im going for second attempt and the noose is tied better. I just want to end my life.	sw
"Thank you, random girl from the store. You made my day! I live in a small town in Turkey. So today I went to a store nearby to buy some stuff, coke and milk and cookies and coated peanuts and things like that. When I got to the check out there were like six people queued, which is pretty impressive for such a small store. The cashier was a pretty and hard-working young woman, and she was doing her best to get all the items quickly so that people don't have to wait for long. Apparently she was working alone at that time.  I was the last customer in the line, but a young guy before me said, ""You go first, sir, I gotta get some other stuff."" I went before him and the girl immediately said her usual ""Welcome to our store!"" and started checking my stuff out. She enthusiastically asked whether I was interested in buying any of the things that were on sale today, with samples stacked right next to her, and I gladly picked some pudding. She said ""Thank you!"" and I replied ""Thank *you*"" with a smile.   And then she said something right out of the blue. ""Haven't seen you in a few days. Is it that you hadn't come here, or is it that I wasn't here when you did come?"" I was stumped. I didn't know what to say, so I just said, ""Really? I was here yesterday..."" (which I can't really remember.) And she replied, ""Yes I know you came here yesterday, but I mean before that, you know I haven't seen you in like four or five days.""  This is when my Turkish failed me and I just mumbled, ""Um.. I don't know really"" with a stupid smile, and then pretended to be busy bagging my stuff. She helped me bag them and before I left, I gave her a big, immensely grateful smile and said, ""Thank you very much"" and went home.  And now here I am telling you about it, because it really mattered to me. It mattered because someone who just randomly happens to work in a store nearby, actually missed me, noticed my absence. It mattered because she felt safe enough to ask me where I've been without worrying that I might respond in a rude or dismissive manner. It mattered because I genuinely believed that no one cared, and she, simply and elegantly and with just a simple exchange, proved me flatly wrong.  Thank you, random girl from the store. You rock!"	cc
"I applied to be an english teacher, this would be my first job Since I took a break from university, I decided I should do something different, and an english center in my city was looking for new english teachers so I applied as if it was nothing Despite having a CV that only has one page, they contacted me I did the interview today and it all went well, the only thing they didn't like is that I'm not aviable at all times I thought they weren't going to call me back But they sent me an e-mail asking if I could go to another interview I'm nervous, I don't know if they're gonna hire me It would be sad if I don't make it the first time I'm applying for a job"	cc
Lost I have been struggling a lot recently. For almost a year I’ve been too sick to do anything. Even though the root of my problem was my gallbladder I’m still having problems and wish I never had that surgery. I’ve missed over 50 days of school and will not receive credit for any of my classes because of this. My parents are sick of me and just let me do whatever now. There’s nothing I can do anymore. It’s the schools fault for refusing to let me do homeschooling. I don’t want to live like this anymore but I’m too scared to die to do anything. I really shouldn’t feel like this. I’m dating the love of my life and I don’t want her to be sad or anything. Sorry I’m just ranting at this point. Please help me	sw
"Insults and mocking Well I don't consider insulting people part of ""free speech"", insulting, mocking, and making fun of people doesn't prove or disprove anything, it just create note outrage and anger, why can't we just express opinions without ""you so dumb"" ""you so stupid"" and those ""childish"" acts?  For me I find people who just insults and mocks has no point, they just too weak to prove their opinions with at least some respect and logic "	cc
"I saved an disgustingly terrifying bug tonight. EDIT: I see the typo, please spare me. Im just a boy.  I was at work. The area is basically concrete for miles.  On my way out there was this Water Bug chilling on the sidewalk. After I get over the thought of killing myself immediately, I find a cup and scoop him/her up. I put it in my car  If you are familiar with these freak, you know its WAY out of it habit.  So I drive a few miles out to find the most humid wetland out there. I found the perfect spot. As soon as I released it, it was digging into the wet pinestraw.  Mission Success  **PS If you dont know what it is, DONT look it up. Youve been warned.**"	cc
"I can’t stop thinking about April 23rd In America, that is the day where Net Neutrality will be officially repealed. I don’t understand why people are not talking about it more. It is just one more vote and it can be saved.   I have so many friends online and they mean so much. I know i will lose them and i just...idk im just thinking too much about it"	cc
"How do you gauge your busyness to determine if you're even busy? Work performance is weird. I'm working in a position that I feel unqualified for. My responsibilities vary from managing a team to providing insights on financial matters within a business. I feel overwhelmed with work but also not as it's challenging to determine what ""hard work"" really is.   Busyness and performance is difficult to gauge. What does accomplishing something even mean? What is optimal performance?"	cc
"My best friend had a baby! My best friend lives in Canada and I'm in the US. We've never met in person but we have been close friends online for about 9 or 10 yrs now.  She and her husband tried soooooo hard for this baby and I was ""there"" for her as much as I could be. She had her new little girl last evening and I was surprised to find out that her baby's middle name is MY first name!!  Seriously warmed my heart and I just had to share!! "	cc
"How to choose what to post online for someone with no online presence ? I have accounts with FB, Twitter, Reddit, but always feel like I would just be showing off for no reason if I tell anyone about the stuff I do. This means I hardly ever post anything, ever! How do I know what to post and what not to ? Thanks..."	cc
"It's been 4 years Last time I self harmed was 4 years ago and a few days, but today I was fine for most of the day  but right now I'm the worst I've been since then and I'm really struggling with how to deal with it. My girlfriend has an important day tomorrow and I don't want to wake anyone up but I don't know what to do.. help...?"	sw
"I cried tears of joy watching Ready Player One. Never did I think an action film could make me tear up. My hat's off to Spielberg, this movie was awesome. I recommend watching it in theatres. "	cc
"I wish I wanted to kill myself I'm just so tired of living because all I want is to be happy and it just seems so unattainable now. It'd just be nice if I wanted to kill myself so I could just end it all, but I don't want to kill myself. I want to live and be happy, but I wish it was the opposite. If I could just want to kill myself I wouldn't have to endure all this pain. I could just die and be done with it."	sw
"Found out my friends aren’t actually my friends, so I’m going into my junior year of college pretty much alone. Overheard multiple conversations about me. I have social anxiety, and even though I’m going to therapy for it, it still affects my social life. I don’t really like going out to bars, clubs, or big house parties. Sometimes I even just need a day to relax, just for myself. Despite my friends knowing that I have this anxiety, I overheard them calling me a loser and awkward and buzzkill etc.   So I decided I’m gonna stop hanging out with them. It’s going to be a hard two years though. I can’t imagine I’ll be able to integrate myself into a friend group. A lot of that has been established. Part of me just wants to let what they said slide. "	cc
Thoughts on patreon as an illustrator/fine artist? Hey guys. So im a fine artist/illustrator and ive been thinking about joining patreon. Does anyone here have one or subscribe to an artist? Im not entirely sure what i would be producing and am worried that i wont make any money or connections and it will be a waste. Any thoughts/suggestions? 	cc
"The pile of good things is not worth the pile of bad things I'm not going to do it. But I really wish I could. I know it will hurt my parents tremendously if I do, and I'm all the family they've got. And I don't want to do that to them. But I don't enjoy life -- the pile of good things does not outweigh the pile of bad things, to me -- and I want out. I don't want to have to get up every day and do this anymore.  Ever since I was a little kid, all I've ever truly wanted was a successful relationship with a woman and that's been comically out of my grasp. I just wanted to feel validated and accepted. To have something work out -- be it more serious or casual even -- with someone I can trust. And it never has. The people I've been the most serious about in the last six years or so have just let go of me. Suddenly, without warning, because they had a change of heart after giving me every reason to believe they were all in as I was. They always tell me it isn't me, but if that's true, if I've done nothing wrong, I can't fix it.  It's gotten to where I can't trust that anything will work out. I was carrying on a more casual arrangement recently that even suddenly blew up in a way that felt very similar. I got desperate and started hunting around and met someone online I liked a lot. Even though it was going extremely well, I just kept waiting for the shoe to drop. And this weekend, it did. She wasn't as ready for all this as she initially thought she was. A complete 180 turn from where she was before. I could see it coming and it still hurt like hell. It's almost humorous.   I'm pushing 40 and getting further and further away from the days when I was more attractive to the kind of people I'm compatible with (who tend to be younger; the women in my area that are my age tend to lead very different lifestyles with very different priorities). At this point, I just don't see it changing or getting better. I have no reason to believe it will. My therapist and friends always tell me it ""might"" change but it's getting harder and harder for it to do so as I get older, and the only evidence I have suggests that it won't. Why do I keep wanting to suffer through this for year after year after year?  All I have is my work, and I hate it. I'm burnt out on it, but have very few other options based on my skill set. Mostly, I resent it -- going in to do things, often things I don't care about or object to philosophically, when I get no reward outside of work. I don't want to get up each day and do this shit again, time after time after time. I want to be free of all that.  My friends would be fine if I were gone. They don't like me talking about wanting to go, it worries them, but they have their own lives that are fully formed without me. They might miss me a little but it wouldn't impact them much, and frankly, there are some people in my life that might like to have me out of their hair (my ex to whom I'm frequently in close proximity for social functions, for instance). They'd never say so, but I bet it would be easier for them. The only people who would really be devastated are my folks, and so I'll stay for them -- but that almost makes me feel worse, like my agency is not my own, that I'm bound to them.  And I feel like I'm a sucker for staying in a situation (life) I don't want to be in for someone else when no one else has done the same for me (in relationships ... and no, I wouldn't have asked them to if they didn't really want to be there, yet everyone insists I have to stay alive).  It's just tough. I get little momentary bursts of hope, but as the disappointments build, it becomes harder and harder to even enjoy what I have for the brief time that I have it. And it always comes back to this -- the wishing I wasn't here on this planet anymore so I didn't have to worry about any of this. The heartache. The disappointment. The chaos in general of the world which irritates me every time I see something related to the news (which is hard to avoid, since I work in that field). I just want out. I want to not have to deal with it anymore. I believe I will be in a better place anyway. I'm soooo ready to be done with this shit.  But I won't go. Not anytime soon. Because I just can't do that to them.  "	sw
I need help Im a freshman in college who has been having suicidal thoughts everyday for the past couple of months. My grades are plummeting and my parents just found out. I haven’t told anyone about what’s happening because im not an open person but I might have to soon. I know I need help but I’m not a person to ask for it. I’m scared of how my parents would react if I say I’m depressed but if I keep it to myself then  the thoughts of jumping off a bridge on the way to school is becoming more realistic. I need help and advice from anyone at this point.	sw
"I hate myself and want to die I fucked up big time.  My BF is pretty much don with me after seven years of borderline bullshit.  I've been drunk for a week.  I don't have any will to live.  I thought I was fixable. My therapist told me I was fixable. I'm not.  I said and did inexcusable things. Any humane society would either lock me up or kill me.  Is it better to live as a monster or to die as a good person?  Edit: I'm not dead, obv. Still feel like shit, but talked to my therapist. He'll call tomorrow to make sure I'm okay and I have another appointment in person the day after tomorrow. I am gonna stay at my friend's house over the weekend so I wont be alone. Sorry for having anyone worried, and thank you all for your concern. "	sw
"So idek how to title this but here we go Well, idk where to start. My life was absolute shit around 5-6 months ago and before, but recently I got a girlfriend and have somewhat stopped having blackouts and haven’t really lost any time. Tbh school was going great, social life even better, and family contact (I’m in a care home) was going great too. But all out of nowhere I seem to once again have no friends, school is now going awfully and the literal only thing that I haven’t ruined is my girlfriend who I am now struggling to be able to see (irl) because of me fucking up other things. I’m fucking trapped, I felt like I escaped but I’m trapped. I haven’t noticed time loss but conversations I could’ve sworn I’ve had haven’t actually happened and ones I don’t remember are referenced. I haven’t slept in weeks because I wake up to whispers and sometimes hear them before I’m actually asleep. I’m just at a loss. It all looked good and I don’t even know where it went wrong it’s fucking bullshit. It’s all fucked all of it."	sw
"The reason I am depressed told me to kill myself.. It’s always because of a relationship isn’t it. After not seeing her for a year, she told me to kill myself mutiple times yesterday. She knows about my mental health issues, should I give her the satisfaction of it happening? I know i’d be letting people down, but I would dead, it wouldn’t bother me? I took myself to A&E but there wasn’t much they can do. There never is. “It takes time” but in this time it’s getting worse"	sw
"I don’t know how much longer I can do this I don’t know what to say. I’ve thought about killing myself for years, but I think I’ve had enough. My home life has never been good, and I’m not doing so hot with my friends and it just feels like I can’t go another day living like this. I’m planning on write a few notes to my close friends and my parents but after that, I’m planning on ending it. I want someone to know that I really tried to be happy and I was so strong for as long  as I could but I have my limits man. "	sw
"Anyone want to talk about their lives? I've kind of had a rough day and I'd really enjoy some distraction from these blues.  If you're feeling up to it, tell me something about your lives. :)  "	cc
"Heartbroken Today my best friend (who I have strong romantic feelings for) told me that everything he told me about how I'm attractive and beautiful and someone he would date was a lie to make me happy so that I wouldn't kill myself.  He told me I'd be his first choice.  He's the only person who has ever told me I was beautiful without my makeup.  He told me he loved me.  But it was all a lie.  He admitted it himself.  And now I want to kill myself more than ever (and I've tried 4 times already).  He was the only thing keeping me afloat through this past year and now that too is gone.  Between this, my parents, my stress and anxiety, I've had enough.  Suicide hurt like hell.  But this hurts so much more."	sw
"Do any of you actually follow advice from r/UnethicalLifeProtips? Me personally, I don't have a specific ULPT post that comes to mind, but I do some slightly unethical things myself like, piracy, or extending my ""1 hour free wifi"" to basically all day at a coffee shop."	cc
"Drugs and depression don’t mix All I ever heard from my friends was that you can’t get addicted to weed. If you believe this, that’s fine, but if you find that you relate to a lot of posts in this sub I hope you listen. I found that when I smoked I was able to escape my anxiety and depression for the night. It was really nice, and I started doing it every weekend. Then, my work would pile up or I’d have a fight with a friend and I’d smoke on a weeknight.   I’ll be honest with you - it worked for a while. I started to enjoy life more and I started to get really interested in mountain climbing. I kept this up, and I became more social. Things were going well, and I just kept smoking. Eventually, I went on spring break and didn’t smoke the entire time (because I couldn’t bring anything on the plane). This is where things started to go downhill.   Over the break, I had multiple mental breakdowns the likes of which I had never experienced. At my lowest I remember crying in my car so hard that I was literally screaming unintelligibly. Thoughts filled my head of driving my truck off a bridge. I hadn’t thought like this in a while, though I have always battled depression.   When I got back from break I smoked immediately, and I felt better. To make sure I had fixed myself, I smoked the next day. And the next day. And the day after that. Before I knew it I was getting high three times a day.   Not only did my use increase, the effects began to change. Whenever I smoked, I felt like I was a total failure that had nothing going for me. It was like my intrusive thoughts of self loathing had finally figured out how to get into my high mind, and they didn’t leave very easily. I had terrifying dreams sometimes, too. I had a recurring one of me falling off of a mountain, which really killed my newfound enthusiasm for climbing.   I went on a trip with my friend to a different part of my state today. He’s in the military so I didn’t bring any of my smoking stuff, because I was gonna be around him and other military members that can’t smoke anyways (they get drug tested).   The anxiety attack came as scheduled. It felt like something terrible was going to happen, but I didn’t know what. I was shaking and I couldn’t stop fidgeting. I was able to hold it together on the outside but I lost control of my emotions. I texted my best friend a few states away and said some terrible things to her. Still, I don’t even understand it. She told me that she had been smoking and it’s like a switch was flipped in my brain. It was like I hated her immediately. I told her she was a bad friend and I was sick of talking to her. I still don’t understand it. I don’t feel that way, and I don’t know why I did what I did. Luckily, she’s a strong person and things will be fine between us, but I legitimately thought about killing myself over this. Not going to lie, writing it down really helps though.   I don’t feel like the same person anymore. Smoking doesn’t give me the relief that it used to, and whenever I stop I get worse than I ever was before I started this stupid habit.   I’m not going to demonize people that like to smoke... I know a lot of folks can handle it better than me.   But please, don’t make the same mistake I did. Substances won’t cure you. They will just make your mental illness go away for a little while and come back with a vengeance.   Having tried some other drugs, I’m making a decision now to cut all of it out of my life before I become dependent on something that will really screw up my health. I know that my problems are pretty small compared to some on this sub, but if sharing my experience helps one person steer clear of this path then I will be glad I took the time to write this. I hope you all find yourselves. "	sw
"Should I let my girlfriend win? My girlfriend and I don’t go to the same school so we’re not close, in distance but no too far either. Every so often I’ll go and visit her in her dorm and we’ll hang out sometimes and play Mario kart on her roommates switch. I’m by no means an amazing Mario kart player but I am very good compared to her and I spent a good part of my childhood playing it on my old ds. I’m just wondering if one of these times if I should let her win or if I should just keep playing like I normally do. We do talk smack to each other but I think that’s with every video game. Just wanted to get your guys opinion on it."	cc
"A good time to lock myself out This morning I decided on a whim to get my car serviced, apparently I forgot to let the house keys apart from the car keys holder.   Now I’m walking to my property agent to borrow some spare keys.   Not too bad, around 10km walk return.  Hope you guys have a fine day/night now."	cc
"I don't know if this is the proper sub for this kind of post. I had a daydream/vision/hallucination in which I killed all of my friends and then myself. I haven't had suicidal thoughts for almost 5 years now, but this last week has been really rough. I'm pretty shook up and I'd like any advice. If this is not the right sub for this, please let me know where I can post this."	sw
Hope is slowly fading... I haven't felt the urge to kill myself that bad for a hell of a time. But now it's like all my hope is gone. I can't imagine ever finding friends. I just can't stand all these evenings spent all alone. I just can't imagine it being possible for me to find someone to simply spend time with. talk to. have fun.  I'm 23 now. Never had real friends. It's not getting easier finding friends at age.	sw
"Are you happy? I read something recently that said we shouldn't aim for happiness, but rather to be content.   Reason being, happiness is temporary but being content can be permanent.  I hope you're all OK ❤"	cc
"I miss the way the internet used to feel I started going on the internet a lot (like A LOT) when I was a young kid, and have been a heavy user since, so I know that is in large part just general nostalgia, but I really miss the way the internet used to feel.  I'm mainly thinking back to 2005-2007ish times when the internet was becoming more of the 'thing' it exists as today, and idk man. It just seemed like there were so many different subcommunities and online groups/sites with their own flair, culture, inside jokes, and overall so much bright silliness and creativity (not that there wasn't lots of bad things, trolls, etc. etc.). Now it feels like there's just some 'big' websites that feel more or less the same, and maybe really small interest-specific blogs or pages on top of those.   For me being on the internet (recreationally) used to feel so much more exciting, like you were always discovering new sites or communities or memes or whatever. And more than that it was almost secretive(?), or I guess people never talked about much internet going-ons or memes irl. Now, with phones and social media like Twitter, Facebook, and Reddit tbh the 'real' and 'online' worlds have more or less merged, or at least finding the divide is much more difficult.    IDK, like I said, this is all pretty much me just being nostalgic over my childhood and making 2006 internet sound much more special and amazing than it actually was.   But does anybody know what I mean/miss the magic of 'old' internet culture and web 'surfing'?  PS. One of my favorite forums ever to lurk when I was younger was twIMDB. If any of you are out there plz say hi!!"	cc
Is there any point in me not killing myself? I cant think of any reason other then my friend and older brother but I dont think that is enough. My life is a joke and I dont see why else I should go on. 	sw
"I Might Be a Kind Weirdo... So, context: I was in the ER tonight with a family member that had breathing problems. We were there a couple hours and in that timeframe, I overheard the person next door (older gentleman) ask his wife if she had any hard candies or anything for him to chew on in her purse... After we were released, I went to the vending machine and grabbed some Breath Savers and some Fruit Snacks, walked back in (there’s a back way to get to the curtain rooms) and handed them over to him, explaining that I’d overheard him asking his wife for something and I know what it’s like to spend hours back there and I wished him and his wife a Happy Easter. They seemed genuinely grateful for the gesture, thanking me profusely and I don’t think it was  “weird” at all-I didn’t get any “Who the hell is this wacky bag?!” Vibes off them... but WAS it weird?? Would you be weirded out if someone sitting in a silent room overheard something like that and tried to help??   "	cc
"I'm just so done I've been thinking about how I'll finally do it all night, I can't stop.  My life sucks, I'm 27 and have never been with anyone, ever. I'm probably the most unattractive woman ever actually, it's sad but it's something I've accepted. The one thing that gets to me more is how in my entire life, I've never really had friends either. Maybe in grade school but nothing irl since. How fucking sad is that? It's my fault too because I have so much social anxiety I can't even pretend to be a normal human. I did manage to make a few online friends last year but even then I do not fit in. They are really nice and normal while I am a shitty person who can't even give any advice because I've never actually lived. Once they realize how actually awful i am I won't have them either, even though they know I don't belong.  Maybe I don't actually have a problem, maybe I've just wanted excuse to explain why I am the way I am. Maybe I don't have depression either. But for someone who thinks about dying all the time has to have something wrong with them. This can't just be who I am. I can't do this anymore.  I am so tired of dealing with myself and I am tired of everything. I'm tired of being alone and unable to connect with people, of not even being able to do adult things. I'm tired of looking in the mirror and seeing myself. I am tired of going to work at my awful job, and I am just tired of waking up every single damn day.  Thanks for reading if you did. I figured it out and just need the courage now."	sw
Next week I’m on vacation now but I think I’m going to shoot myself when I get home next week. I’ve lost all reasons to live	sw
"Got a gun in my mouth, i have never been more ready So see you guys, thanks for trying to help me"	sw
"My Experience Being Suicidal I developed my depression when my social anxiety got out of control. All my life, I've struggled with anxiety. Even back when I  was extremely young, I struggled to make friends and attend a public school. My anxiety got so bad to the point where it made me physically sick, and I'd usually end up vomiting every morning. I lost immense amounts of weight this way.  One high school hit, it developed out of control. Being in a school with over 3000 other teenagers was too much for me to bear. I got sick every day, I missed classes and eventually just couldn't show up.  My doctor told me the best option for me was to go on a hospital homebound program until my anxiety was under control. I started on new medications and meeting with new therapists. Many of which helped me for quite awhile.  When I left public school, I lost contact with most of my friends. I felt isolated from my family, my friends, and those whom I cared deeply about. Both my parents worked all day and came home late, my mother was also an alcoholic and drug abuser at the time, even though I didn't know it, and my older brother wanted nothing to do with me. I was alone, all day, every day.  Eventually, I felt so isolated, alone and sad for so long that I couldn't remember whom I once was. I couldn't remember a time where I didn't feel sad, I forgot how I used to act. The things I once enjoyed doing no longer brought me happiness.   I stopped caring about everything. My grades slowly starting slipping, as I was not motivated and didn't care enough to worry about them.  I planned to end my life.  I was a disappointment to my parents. I never felt like I was enough, I would end up starving myself to be skinnier and occasionally throwing up my meals because I worried about gaining weight. I felt as if I had no one, I was alone. I cut myself.  What was the point in living if you can't share a life with others? What was the point in living if you were always alone, always living a life on repeat, never feeling any different?  I cried until there were no tears left, until I was numb. I had watched a movie about a girl who attempted suicide one day when I was alone. That day, I planned to kill myself. I cried and my nose bled, but I didn't bother dealing with it. I sat in a puddle of my own blood and stared at a wall for what felt like hours. I was so mind-numbingly afraid. I said goodbye to the one person who seemed to care about me, the girl who to this day I owe everything to. She begged me not to do it. She called me and messaged me begging me not to go.  I had a handful of prescription pills, and I put them in my mouth. I had researched earlier to see how much I needed to kill myself, and I had the right amount. I held those pills in my mouth, covered in my own blood, shaking, crying and screaming while my friend was messaging and calling me like crazy.   I ended up swallowing some of the pills, not enough to kill myself though. I pushed myself to get up and clean myself up. If I couldn't continue living for myself, I have to continue living for her. I cleaned everything up and once everyone came home that night, it was if nothing happened.  I still feel the urge constantly to end my own life. I still don't know who I am or who I used to be. I'm still alone and isolated. I still cut myself. I'm still hurting and scared, but I'm still here. I'm not too sure why, either. And I'm not too sure how much longer I'll be here because one of these days, I'm going to be brave enough to do it."	sw
"I’ve made up my mind. This will either land me in a psychiatric hospital or I’ll be dead. I don’t know which one. My car breaking down to a state where the repairs are about 1000 dollars did me in. My car isn’t even worth that much. I have no money, I don’t live in a stable home, and I don’t have anyone. I can’t do it anymore. I’ve hit the breaking point. "	sw
"Frustrated and hating myself. Hi all,  Writing this is super difficult for be because I've been through depression and spates of wanting to commit suicide myself but in the end this isn't about me. It's about my girlfriend.  Starting off I'll give a bit of context and backstory to the situation. We started dating a year ago and while she had depression then she was high functioning and her risk assessment was very low (I have training in risk assessment and prevention) however, after a while she had to move a good distance away for post-secondary. It was around this time she started to degrade. I made it a point to visit her as often as I could (about once a week for a weekend) as my job allowed it. I recently lost my job and moved down to be with her, initially I hoped that that would help her but it seemed to have to opposite effect. Recently I got a new job and have been working longer hours. Tonight I came home to her in the worst of her episodes to date. She shut me out of our room and broke down. I've been trying to get her to agree to go see a professional but she insists that doing so gives her depression power and that she wants to die. Her risk assessment was vastly worse that when I had previously done it and to be honest I'm running out of ideas. My biggest fear is coming home to find that she's hurt herself or worse. I need help. "	sw
"what's your favorite one to two dollar candy product? cheap candy is a simple delight we all know. here's an opportunity to gush about your favorite one! personally, it's hard to get much better than trolli sour gummy worms. i could snack on those for days if they didn't always make my mouth taste like garbage afterwards, lmao"	cc
"I've recently got into podcasts. Anyone have any favourites they want to talk about? I love RuPaul's Drag Race and through that I started listening to What's the Tee w/ RuPaul & Michelle Visage, and Whimsically Volatile by Katya & Craig. I don't know why it took me so long to get into them! It's like talk radio, which I've always loved. I've started listening to them in bed at night instead of playing around with my phone, which is helping me sleep better.   Does anyone else like podcasts? What podcasts do you like? Where/when do you listen to them? "	cc
"tonight fuck it. i typed my whole story but i decided to give the basics cause i know nobody will care anyway. tonight im hanging myself from my bathroom door while i listen to my favorite song. i just cant do this anymore. edit, why am i so scared. i thought this is what i wanted. i pulled the song up with the belt around my neck, but as soon as i saw the cover i started bawling. i dont want to go on, but im too scared for it to end."	sw
"TIL that my mum and I express happiness the same way I was at choir practice and it had taken us the better part of an hour to figure out the chords for a particular song. When we finally got it down on paper (and did a couple of run-throughs to make sure it was A-OK), I said something along the lines of ""awesome, we're finally done!"" and my friend on the guitar looked over at me and remarked that I raised my shoulders when I was pleased, kind of ""like a cat"".   His comment immediately took me back to a time a couple of years ago when I was attempting to make bubble tea with my mum in her kitchen, and after spending a ridiculous amount of time balancing the tea-milk-water ratio in the tea, we finally got it right, and the way she smiled and raised her shoulders prompted me to remark that she looked ""like a cat"" when she was happy.   It's a small thing, but it made me feel so happy for some reason. My mum and I don't get along, and I moved out when I was 16 & still live away from home. But I guess some mannerisms don't wear off quick. I hope this one doesn't. Just a small observation from today that I thought I'd share. :) "	cc
"Can't shake it Basically im 18 in New Zealand and ive only recently come out of treatment for severe depression and drugs/alcohol addiction. Pretty much everything seemed way better when i started recovering and started enjoying life in a new light again and got a part time job while I studied as well as getting a new girlfriend who I love very much but recently those dark thoughts have been creeping in again for the last couple of months and im starting to feel really suicidal again. I just keep on making stupid mistakes on the most basic shit yet wondering why I keep on fucking up. And those thoughts of low self esteem, hopelessness and everything keeps creeping back in even though I know its the depression speaking not me but its getting harder and harder to fight and I just don't want to be a burden again for anyone to have to look after like a fucking baby. Even though im studying its only to try finish highschool since I missed half a year last year due to going into treatment. I keep on trying to do good but keep having a foggy mind and forgetting to do basic stuff like not burning or forgetting to put food away, taking ages to do everything from cleaning to things I actually enjoy doing. Something in my brain just seems to have changed after my episode, my cognition and focus is rapidly going downhill and ended up losing my job because of making continous stupid mistakes. I wasn't always like this and I know that im competent but I just want to return to normal and wish that this cloud would just blow away.   "	sw
"It just surprises me what things you can do to get paid. After receiving my first paycheck for a part time job in the school, I’m pleasantly surprised at the things one could get paid.       Updating the website articles? Paid by the hour.    Print some documents? You get extra.    Sit at the reception to let guests sign? You get a bonus.    Make a hastily made poster? Got paid for it too.       Now I feel so naive for not knowing these."	cc
"If you could, what super power would you want to have, and why? You can choose from flying to heat vision! Or, you can pick unusual ones, like spewing poison or being able to silence a baby on command. I would like to have telekinesis and other powers related to the brain. This is because I am fascinated in neurology and want to have powers related to it. Edit: No ""The Power To Have Multiple Powers"" power. Other than that, you can make up any other powers. Another Edit: No loopholes either. You know who you are."	cc
"Everyone I know goes away in the end. Two years ago I had 15 good friends that I could count on and knew cared about me. I'm down to 1 and he might kill himself before I do. The first few times a friend left I thought they were the problem not me, but around friend number 6 I started to understand I was the issue. There isn't a single aspect of my life that I enjoy. I'm not asking for anything except to be heard, because nobody else will hear these words from me."	sw
"Been delaying the inevitable... how do I do this? Too much bad in my life. I will never get a good job. I fucked up my life. Bad. Like beyond repair. I’ve been thinking about going to San Fran or buying a shot gun. I’m thinking about going to San Fran, get drunk one last time and then jumping.,"	sw
I always have a tied up noose in my closet I really want to use it today and end it all	sw
"Life is suffering and I don't want to continue I am 24 yo and practically nowhere in my life - I had to take a break from university for 1 year because depression wouldn't let me concentrate, then I hade to take another year becaue I had an accident that destroyed my knee to the point that I will have problems with it if I will live old enough. Earlier I had to repeat one year because I was drawn into drugs. I am virgin, I am not only shy but also I am not well endowed and little guy also bears scars from phimosis surgery, I am too stressed to even talk to women - now I am crying even going into the internet and reading what women think about people like me - that we are failures; maybe they are right. I am also fat which wouldn't be that much of a problem if not aforementioned thing. I live with my parents and because of this leg I can't even get a job - so I am 24 yo unemployed virgin living with parents without education who is also not attractive physically. I think there is no sense in even continuing it anymore, every day all I feel is despise for myself - how much I hate myself - shame before normal people that achieved something and wondering why I was ever born. Those might be my last words, I just wanted it to be known."	sw
"I got a job! I'm super excited and don't have anyone to share in it with, so Reddit you're gonna get my stream of consciousness.  I've trying for months to get a better job, and after a week of interviews I finally got an offer making nearly twice my current salary!  For the past 18 months I've been working as the General Manager and sole bread baker (crusty sourdough, the kind of old world bread takes 3 days to make) in a small but busy cafe/panini restaurant. It is severely understaffed, to the point where often times during the morning commute rush I am the only employee and have to take orders, brew coffees, make espresso drinks (decades old Italian machine, not a single automated aspect), make and run sandwiches/salads, prep the food, and mix/shape/bake bread. Then also squeeze in inventory/ordering, scheduling, cash management/reports, dishes (entirely hand washed, no machine), janitorial work, etc. You get the idea.  When I took the job initially I had just found out my wife cheated on me and we were divorcing. It was Thanksgiving and I was in a low place. I allowed my current bosses to take advantage of me and agreed to a year long contract before I agreed to a pay. It was only supposed to be for making bread, nothing else. I was hired specifically for my French bread experience. They had previously only been making super sweet spongy type breads (and not very good quality ones IMHO, but I know I'm a snob). I was desperate, moving to a new state, and this job initially seemed like it would be less stressful.  I've never made much money. I used to work in office administration/bookkeeping, but when the 2008 market made me lose my job I decided to go to culinary school so I could at least enjoy what I did at work. I chose to work in kitchens that couldn't pay well, but either looked good on my resume or were places I could learn new techniques.   The owners told me they think my salary of $27,500 is 'more than fair'. As recently as last week they told me they expect me to work 12 hour days if need be to save on labor costs.  I started looking for a new job 6 months ago, but nothing seemed like a good fit. Most kitchens tend to run high with testosterone, and I'm not about that. Or they demand 50-60+ hour work weeks that break your back, and I'm getting too old for that. Good bread bakeries are few and far between. And it's really hard to find time to job hunt while working a full time job that is actually causing you to go further into debt.   I'm in debt up to my eyeballs. My bank account is empty. I'm divorced. I've lost contact with most all of my friends from before I was married. But right now, I couldn't be happier. I've got my two kittens and In two weeks I'll start  making more money than I ever have before. And it'll be the first place in a while I will be proud to tell people I work at.  My Bread: https://imgur.com/a/NUS8k My bread 2: https://imgur.com/rShMQXt"	cc
"I just rocked a phone interview! (and here’s how I did it...) Am sitting alone after having just had a really good phone interview (they offered me the job on the spot) and just wanted to share both my happiness and tips on what helped me so it might help anyone else who might be in a similar situation.  I spent about 3-4 hours before the interview doing preparations.  I got 5 sheets of paper and put bold titles on the top of each: 1. About the organization and where the role fits in, 2. Duties and Accountabilities, 3. Selection Criteria, 4. Other Practical Examples, and 5. My Questions.  I then filled in information in my best handwriting on each sheet.  I used a notepad for scribbling down rough notes for each on a separate paper.  But the important thing was that I eventually wrote the good notes down by hand.  This because I read something about the learning process that things sink into your memory better when you write them by hand rather than type.  For the sheet 1. I bullet pointed everything relevant I could find in the job description / website, writing key words in red.  For sheets 2 and 3 (duties and selection criteria) I put what was listed in the job description bullet pointed down the left side of the paper (again highlighting key words) and then wrote how I fit each point with practical examples on the right side.  For sheet 4 I brainstormed other practical examples of topics that I guessed would probably come up in interview questions, like “common problems” and “innovations”, etc.  For sheet 5 I listed the questions I had.  I had all 5 sheets laid out in front of me (along with my CV and covering letter) when the phone interview started.  It went so well and in the end I actually barely looked at any of the information, but it was all readily available in my head during.  So it went smooth like butter.  I’ve never done this level of preparation before but I was really pleased with how it paid off and just thought I’d share it in case it could help any other job seekers out there!"	cc
"I just want the pain to stop So, if you look in my history you'll see that my ex and I divorced in January and we had a child together. She meant everything to me until my son was born. I was abused as a child so I don't speak to any of my own family, her family basically adopted me into their family. I believe they still care about me, they invited me over for Easter so that I wouldn't be alone.  I probably shouldn't have gone, it made things worse, but I had my son for Easter and didn't want to keep him from them either.  I still love my ex, deeply and I want her to be happy. The problem is, she was giggling while typing on her phone half the time. I knew what was going on. I tried not to let it show but I'm pretty sure it did, it killed me. I'm so conflicted, on one hand I want her to be happy even above my own happiness so I'm happy she's happy, but on the other it kills me that she's moved on so fast.  I've tried to go on dates. One girl made fun of my teeth and left, another I went on a couple of dates with and she was nice and it even progressed to her initiating an intimate relationship. I couldn't perform, I felt this massive amount of depression and guilt. It felt like I was cheating on my ex. I'd rather be alone than feel that again.  The only thing that's keeping me alive is knowing that my son needs his father, but I'm beginning to wonder if that's the case. If I weren't in the picture, my ex could freely find someone else and it wouldn't hurt me since I wouldn't be here. My son is 2 and wouldn't remember me if I were to die now. My ex could find a nice man that could replace me as a father figure, which is what I want, I want my son to have a great father figure in his life that can teach him to be a good person with a huge heart.  Edit: I was thinking about trying to find a way to make it look like an accident so my son doesn't grow up thinking I didn't want to be with him. I love him and don't want him to feel that way, I just feel like everyone, including him, is better off without me alive."	sw
"It's just frustrating I can't justify not killing myself, but I still can't bring myself to do it. I have no idea why. Maybe it's too much commitment. "	sw
"I never thought I'd get this far. Every day is a struggle and I never thought I'd make it as far as I have. My ex committed suicide right after high school and I always thought that if one of us did it the other would follow suit shortly after. I didn't but after 8 years I still feel like I should have.  I feel like I've lost control of everything. I'm going through a divorce that I initiated. I insisted it was the best decision for myself, but I feel so alone. I started talking to a friend of mine that shared mutual interest, but they seem to have lost interest and I'm not sure how to process it. I work all the time, but I can't afford to make a life for myself. I got drunk last night and was kinda hoping I'd just fall asleep and not wake up, but it didn't happen. I don't know what to do with myself anymore. Everything around me seems to be falling apart and I feel powerless to do anything about it. I keep telling myself I have a gun and I could just end it, but I'm scared. I don't want to kill myself, but I don't want to be alive anymore."	sw
"Came to Chik-Fil-A with one kid, currently the parent of three Just a normal night out at the local chicken joint. My kid likes chicken like many others. After dinner I promised him some play time. Came here with one kid, currently parenting three in the play place. Every parent needs a break but I’m going to be responsible for my guy, not someone else’s.   Anyone experience scenarios like this? "	cc
"I'm heartbroken About two months ago I met this girl in a party through mutual friends, we hit it off pretty well and ended up becoming very close friends, she would tell me it was destiny we met and that she thought I was a wonderful person. Long story short I developed feelings for her and last night in a party I decided to tell her, but she did not reciprocate and now I'm feeling pretty down and just wanted to talk to people."	cc
"Stopping it before it gets worse, I am determined to beat this demon Ok, unlike some of these post in this subreddit this isn't a cry for help or a pity party. In the last 6 months I've had a lot of shitty things happen and suffice it to say the most negative thoughts are winning and the demon is telling me I should end it all.   I have a mother, father, sister and brother I love a lot and friends that i'd lay someone out for at a moments notice. I am conscious enough to warn them and I am actively taking steps to not isolate myself so I don't destroy myself. I told my mom yesterday and my dad today, it didn't go so well but I know they love me, and I want to get better for them but mostly i don't want to wallow in a pit of misery for the rest of my wretched existence if this continues to get worse.  I wrote all that because I want to make it clear that i don't want to lose this battle, I've had a decent life and I want to have kids and to run my own business, and have more good times with my friends and family.  My question is this, how do i find a therapist? How does therapy work? I live in Minnesota but I don't have health insurance because my financial situation isn't good, in the coming months I have to pay Taxes and legal fees for a DWI i got recently and I have to get my license reinstated so i can keep my jobs.      Finally how can I talk to my family about this in a positive manner? I don't want to cause a riff in the family because their crazy son can't control himself or their brother is too volatile to get through a conversation at dinner. Specifically I mean until I am able to get into therapy how can I control my temper and ease my mood swings, I had a fight with my dad today and i don't want this to become a repeated event or a theme.  All help is greatly appreciated and please be thorough with responses I want to have some action that i can take in the coming months.    "	sw
"Hurt I hurt myself today. My boyfriend and I got into a really bad argument that culminated in me scratching up my arms and legs, slapping myself, screaming, and finally going to kill myself. My boyfriend saw all this happening and stopped everything to take me home and be with someone. At least he had a decent response. Not like before. Before he would've left me. Wouldn't have cared.   It's not my fault I have this mess in my head, but I'm the one that has to clean it up. That doesn't seem fair to me..."	sw
"To all my gamers... Dragon Quest 7 or 8? Since I'm gonna be doing summer school, a new RPG to keep me occupied on the 3DS would be great. I've played through most of 8 a while back and I loved it. Never finished it though. I've never touched 7, but it does look like a lot of fun. So which one should I get, Dragon Quest 7 or 8?"	cc
"I just learned about the social credit system that exists in China and it immediately reminded me of 1984 At first glance, I started to think that this could be [a good concept](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AAIKh7AnTIk) from a legal perspective in order to unconsciously pressure people to obey the law and decrease criminal activity but this can go so badly that this will literally turn into an obedience type of system.  Heck, who knows if this is what they are planning all along?  You buy something that they do not like? Get a low score and your chances of getting a job is lowered.  You like something that a political party does not like? Your score is lowered and everyone sees you as lower than low and become a second-class citizen.  You want to protest or challenge something that is not condoned or not exactly something that the government is in favour of? Your score is lowered and your voice is meaningless.  Goddamn it, it is such a scary thought that some people in the video think that it is a good idea on a surface level but holy hell, it is pretty scary on a deeper level. Almost like a 1984 type of story where your every single behaviour is monitored and rated into however those in charge see what can be considered as  ""desirable"""	cc
Im seeking out validation for the awful things I think about myself from trolls and other awful people on the internet There is something really gratifying about being told the things I already suspect about myself. It makes me feel more certain. Logically I know it’s probably a bad thing. But Im tired of hearing the same nice bs about pulling through. 	sw
"I feel like I’m spiralling. I haven’t felt like this since withdrawing off pcp Idk why I keep making these fucking reddit posts being on the internet is just making me more pissed off again because it’s just like looking into a world that I can’t seem to become a part of. I just feel like I’m freaking out. I’m pissed off. I don’t know what to do. What am I supposed to do with my life? How am I supposed to pass the time? I hate this, I hate being stuck here alone not being able to talk to anybody or anything. Idk. Sorry."	sw
"Reddit's April Fools have started, Join our r/CircleOfTrust https://www.reddit.com/r/CircleofTrust/comments/890xsv/rcasualconversations_circle/  This is our circle, can we trust you?   Comment below and I will send you a key.  Looks like it's either capped at 7 or some internal errors on the servers. I will hand out more invites in a bit.  #Well we are betrayed ;_; I TRUSTED YOU GUYS why would you do this to me :("	cc
"My friend confessed she used to have suicidal thoughts So, as the title says, my best friend today confessed to me that about a year ago she used to have suicidal thoughts. It was during an argument and I didn't really get a chance to react to it at the time. But now that we've talked things out, I keep coming back to it and thinking if I shouldn't do something. She did tell me before that she is often under a lot of stress and she feels sometimes pretty down but this is the first time she mentioned suicide. And that makes me feel like it might have been a hint and I should ask her about it. However, she did say it was a year ago, at a time when we didn't know each other that well yet plus I know why she mentioned it now. So maybe it wasn't a hint. I know she doesn't really like to talk about serious things, so maybe I should just leave it be. Don't open any old wounds. Anyone here who has some experience with this or an idea what I should do?"	sw
"Beeing honest with myself Im a male. 23 years old. not very likely turning 24 this october. I'm living in a wealthy country, I have a job that earns me decent money, a family that loves me, i work out three times a week, I look above average, i play the piano and the guitar. But all of this is just playing cards in my life. Been struggling with depression since I was 16. I was diagnosed with bipolar type 2 disorder two years ago. I meet up with a psychologist. My girlfriend has been a great support over the last few years, despite a few attempts on my life. Shes always there for me, and I love her to death. Im pretty sure shes about to leave me. everything mentioned above of how 'well' my life should be- its not. In which case she does, i cant cope. already bought a rope, and thought me the knot required. Im not afraid of death, and I would like to quote something from the movie ""The green mile"" that I find beautiful and inspirational;  ""Bitterbuck: Do you believe that if a man repents enough for what he done wrong, than he'll get to go back to the time that was happiest for him and live there forever? Could that be what heaven's like?  Edgecomb: I just about believe that very thing.  Bitterbuck:  I had a young wife when I was eighteen. We spent the summer in the mountains, made love every night. After we would talk sometimes till the sun came up, and she'd lay there, bare breasted in the fire light... that was my best time.""  I have my moment I'd go to. The night my girlfriend spendt the first night with me. Accepting me like no other for the first time in my life. This is just my thoughts and they might be a mess, but I needed to share, even if its just with total strangers.  I wish you all the best of life."	sw
"How much do I have to fuck up my life to be legally allowed to kill myself? Like, if I drop out of law school and become homeless after my pending divorce, can I announce that I am going to die on Facebook but still be allowed to kill my self by a doctor or judge? I want an official endorsement that my life isn’t fixable and that I should die. "	sw
"I have it pretty good. Just want to put my good vibes out there tonight. It is almost 2300 and I need to go to bed but as I just sit here with my tunes I cant help but feel incredibly grateful for my life. I was reading a question on r/AskReddit and those parents were absolutely awful. Been thinking about my current position in life and realizing how good I have it. My parents love me (and aren’t divorced), I have a job, my car has AC and a good speaker, and I go to a good school. Most of all tonight I’m grateful for my dad. Love that man to death even tho he can be a pain but who isn’t. I have nothing to say but positive waves. Hope y’all have a good evening/morning. That’s all I came to say thanks for reading."	cc
"Lacking motivation.. You know them days where you feel supercharged and ready to conquer the world in whatever you do, and then when you get home.. and you park everything you want to be doing for tomorrow? A day.. a week.. a year goes past and you've done absolutely nothing?  Yeah... too much focus on my work life and nothing else after work.   Any tips to restore that hunger and go out and do things?  I'm actually hungry now. "	cc
Is there anyway to make low-suspension hanging less painfull from what i read low-suspension hanging may last over 15 seconds to get unconscious. Is there anyway to make this period less painfull? Any easy way to become numb before hanging? Many thanks.	sw
"I need help I’ve been overdosing on pain medicine for four days, I can’t stop drinking alcohol, i can’t stop smoking cigarettes, I can’t eat anything at all and because of all of this my stomach hurts so fucking bad and it doesn’t stop, it’s been like this for days now. I can’t sleep and I can’t stop crying and I get terrible headaches every night. I’ve tried to hang myself with a belt in my closet but each time I give up right as I’m about to pass out. I hurt myself every night and I don’t know how to stop"	sw
I want to die. I dont want to apply to any more jobs. I am looking online for the cheapest gun to buy. Im just tired of applying to jobs. Im tired of hating my current job that I am on disability leave from. I dont see life getting better. I dont fit in a capatilist world.	sw
"Last day of the week for me This week has been different, but in that way the same. As things come to an end I like to listen to songs from the 60s - currently listening to Like a Rolling Stone by Bob Dylan. How was your week? Any type of music you listen to when you feel a certain way? HAND (haveaniceday)"	cc
I have BPD and I feel like I don’t deserve to live What’s the point of living when all I do is hurt people who are close to me? I’ve been in therapy for years and I still can’t hold back the tsunami of rage towards myself and others. It’s pretty evident from r/Borderline and the whole internet that dealing with people with BPD is a fucking nightmare. There’s rot inside of me that I can’t contain and I don’t want to hurt others anymore...	sw
"I got subscribed to a bunch of anime (& other) subreddits today automatically? Wuttup yall,  I was just sitting here scrolling through my front page of Reddit, when suddenly I noticed a post from /r/Naruto. I thought, ""hm, that's weird, I don't watch naruto,"" and then went further, and saw posts from /r/OnePiece, /r/anime, /r/BokuNoHeroAcademia, /r/awwnime, plus a good number (10-20) of other, smaller anime subs, and /r/4chan, AND (here's the kicker) /r/furry. I don't watch anime, I'm not a furry, and I have never been subbed to any of these. It's like a super weeb took over my account "	cc
"If only If only. If only I could muster up the strength to talk to somebody. Yeah, I have my therapist but I only see her on a weekly basis. Talking to somebody once a week about the dark thoughts that wreak havoc 7 days a week doesn’t help that much. If only it did... if only i didn’t get the short end of the stick maybe I’d be normal. Maybe I wouldn’t have tried to take my life and get bakeracted, in other words, punished for wanting to go to sleep and never open my eyes again. If only the reassuring remarks, like “push through it” and “you have no reason to feel like this”, rid me of this illness. But then again, that’s all hypothetical "	sw
"i dont want to get better ive gone to the hospital, therapy, group therapy, talked to my 2 friends and sister, reached out to one person in my environment for the first time in years, done self care methods, taken my meds, been avoiding my abuser, and i still want to die. hell, its gotten worse, or better if i really think about it. nothing is convincing me that i am not a bad person and i deserve to live. the mere fact that im ""trying"" makes me angry that im getting out of my toxic mindset. ive been in it for so long i call it home. and it is my home. all these people care about me and i just dont want to have them do so. i do not want more consequences if i survive anything. i cant risk another hospital visit because my selfharming is going to be found out and i love it too much to want to stop it, and everyone is going to do their very best to restrict me for the freedom ive been so depraved of. i dont want to live to go through another hospital visit. i dont care that people love and care about me, ive hurt them so much for being like this in the first place, everything is my fault. its not a matter of i ""think"", i ""am"". ive been studying the methods and i have a plan that i need to touch up on. ive already gotten past fearing death and permanent damage, all i strive for is to make it lethal. im buying rope soon. i just dont care if i matter anymore, because i dont. everyone should know and accept this. the worst part? i cant talk about it, or all i fear would happen is going to kill me instead. why help someone who doesnt want to be helped? who doesnt try enough and therefore hurts and disappoints everyone? i look at people who dont always get help but still want it and im alone. i get ""help"" but i dont want it. its stopping me from killing myself and it makes me more upset. living is not worth it. even writing this isnt significant or helping at all, but i felt like getting my thoughts out because it really doesnt matter in the end. might as well be an even worse person by whining. i dont know if anyone else doesnt want help even if theyre getting it. im a bad person. im a bad person."	sw
"Site/community to help you die? I'm curious if there's a community/website/message board/whatever that helps people get to the final stages of being able to kill themselves? I can always get to the precipice, but haven't managed to get all the way. I feel like I need someone to give me that little extra bit of courage to allow me to finally get some peace.  Any help will be appreciated. Thanks"	sw
"Anyone else feel that video games are to addictive for them to play? I spent a lot of time and money to build my own PC. I became extremely addicted to it, and it ended up almost ruining my life. I’ve taken a year break from video games and excessive screen time. I’ve become healthier, cleaner, and generally better person. My quality of life has improved, and become quite the athlete.    First time I touched my computer: 11  hours playing Fallout 4 in one day.  Christ. I don’t know what to do. "	cc
"I'm tired. I have a chronic illness, I have had it for almost three years. It doesn't sound like that long of a time, but it feels like a lifetime of suffering. Physical and mental. I told myself that I could handle one more year, and in 2019 I'd put an end to my pain. I lost my insurance recently so I know I can no longer manage my illness, in America being poor is basically a fucking death sentence and I accept that. I personally just don't want to wait for my end to come, 10 or 20 years from now when I'm in some hospital bed with a damned tube in me just keeping my sickly body alive because everyone else can't bare to see me die. I'm so sick of being alive because no one else can bare to handle me not being around, never once thinking about how I physically feel, let alone mentally. Any time I argue for it I'm told to stop being selfish, or think about others. So it's clear that my suffering means nothing to anyone else, they just don't want me dead. So the bare minimum of sympathy or empathy, however you'd look at it. So like the title says, I'm tired. I don't see a point anymore, or why I need to put up with this any longer."	sw
"Does normal exist? I feel as if I've gone back and forth on this quite a bit. I feel like I live a weird life, not necessarily interesting but different than I'd consider normal. There are a lot of people in this world that I believe just live tradional normal lives they watch TV, go to parties, etc. Nothing wrong with that but I'd consider them normal. Is there a side to those people that I just don't see? Are there normal people?"	cc
"Time for some Friday afternoon questions!!! 1. If I were in your town, what restaurant would we **have** to go to?  2. Fantasy or Sci-fi?  3. Plans for the summer?  4. Plans for the weekend?  5. What are your thoughts on brunch?"	cc
"nice! almost friday. and uhh 5 q's! 1. when do you look around and say, ""Oh, this is great!""   2. what part of your morning do you look forward to?  3. do you set a schedule for workouts?  4. how often do you think about food?  5. what do you wish was cooler in your life?"	cc
"So there's a bird stuck in my house and I don't know how to get the little guy out without terrifying the life out of him. There were originally two but the first one got smart and flew out of my window, I think I'm just going to wait it out and stop bothering the little guy.  [Here are some pics of Ben.] (https://imgur.com/a/7JuJo)"	cc
"Have you ever identified someone you know in real life on reddit based on a post or comment? Wondering if anyone has ever been able to identify the real life identity behind a reddit poster based on something they’ve posted. If so, what gave them away?"	cc
"Hey book nerds, need help finding book I'm a super film nerd, but I've never had time to read. So I've decided to get a grip and actually get into reading.  So book nerds, do you have a favourite book to recommend? If it's too hard to read, I'm going to struggle as my first language isn't english. I'm a bit rusty atm, so Game of Thrones would be too difficult to read right now, but I don't want to read a child book either haha. Something in the middle ish  I love psychological thrillers, but I am up for anything really"	cc
"I tried. After these last few days, I was dedicated.   I overdrew my account $400 and blew the money on what I wanted. I hung out with my best friend, had some drinks and steaks, I texted that cute girl from work and told her thanks for being nice from day one, then I texted my sister to tell her I loved her. I made three notes (for whoever, for my immediately family, and an informal will,)   I tried last night. I used my work belt and experimented (I had to reposition the knot each time). My height made it difficult at first. I couldn’t seem to find a middle ground between stepping and sitting, because both felt to weird..I ultimately decided, after numerous attempts at bitching out,  stepping was the only way I couldn’t “change my mind”  and save myself.   Tonight I thought I had it right. I used an old broken chair from my great grandmothers old dining room set. I put the belt around my neck, I tied knot on the free end, and put it through the top of the door. I said my goodbyes to whatever god is up there, and I took the step. I could still stand on my tippy toes, but not enough to stop the pressure. I’m pretty sure I kicked the chair after I stepped off and I remember thinking “Let’s see you get out of this one”.  I counted, because I thought “I could do This for 15 seconds”.   I woke up. My toes, left elbow, and neck sore and in pain. I later realized why. I felt like I had a few too many.I looked around to try and determine where I was. I looked up at the belt, and thought I bitched out again. That’s when I realized that the buckle broke.   I sat there for I don’t know how long. Laughing at first, verbally saying “I’m alive thanks to a fucking belt”. My laughing turned to a faint crying because I had no idea what to do. I still don’t. "	sw
"Afraid to factory reset my computer. There's a problem where I can't type on any window or fullscreen app, typing does nothing unless I hold a key down for a while. The easiest solution is to factory reset it.  But then I'm afraid of deleting any precious files that I somehow forget to back up, and erasing all the settings that are configured just how I like. The thought brings me physical anxiety.  Hopefully I can overcome this before I absolutely need a windows machine. All of this sounds incredibly petty now that I'm rereading it, but no harm in submitting anyway I guess."	cc
"Today I held a baby for the first time It was so heavy! Only a few weeks old. It felt really weird seeing a baby this close. His facial features and movements were so random it made him look like some animatronic doll. How can a human be so small? And isn't it super weird that humans grow inside other humans? How is it possible that something this complex can be formed within 9 months? It made me a bit sad because I realized I'll never be able to hold my own baby like that because I wasn't born normal. It also made me wonder if I'll be a good uncle. I have social anxiety and generally, I have no idea how to behave around kids. It's like they're always scanning me, analyzing me and I feel like I should be some kind of a role model. "	cc
The worms came out to play! Yesterday as I was walking into work from the back parking lot when I noticed that the worms were out on the pavement due to the rain. This is a sure sign that it is Spring!  The snow is almost all gone here in Upstate NY and my rhubarb is peaking through the soil. The gutters are dripping water nonstop now from the melting snow on my roof. I have been opening the windows to air out the house as well.  What are your favorite signs that tell you it's Spring?	cc
Long Term Planning? Is that contradictory to the ever present thought right now that I no longer wish to exist?   What difference does it make to wait for certain conditions to be met as apposed to just doing it now? 	sw
I dont like watching people kiss in movies. I don't know why but everytime a scene in movies comes up with people kissing i feel quite uncomfortable but i have no idea why. I never kissed anyone and really don't care if i ever do for some reason.	cc
"I always struggle with making friends and talking to people My whole life I have been without friends for longer than people had to be near me. I have found recently that I just don't know how to talk to people normally and engage in well-being casual conversation. How do I be friendly? I don't know.  I am not posting this here because it is casual conversation about casual conversation, but because it is simply an attempt at some conversation."	cc
"Application I'm confident I'm a strong candidate for a completed suicide. I have a number of risk factors. For instance, I'm over a white male over 50, with low career success, numerous setbacks, and low ability to cope with stressful life events.  Other factors also point to an elevated risk of a successful suicide. I often feel a thwarted sense of belonging. In psychological testing, I score low on Openness to Experience (OTE) and high in Neuroticism. My reaction to stressful events is rigid and uncreative, often exacerbating the problems I'm trying to address. I see myself as a burden to others. I live alone, and I have never had a partner for longer than four months. Those relationships have been few, and years apart. I do not have many confidantes, and none nearby. I spend most of my days alone, and I rarely have the desire to go out.   I don't plan on commiting suicide tonight or the next, but I doubt I'll live past my 50s. It's reasonable to think that I'll be dead, by my own hand, within the next five years. "	sw
"I kinda miss those times when I used to have many internet friends from around the globe. I used to have a lot of people to talk to and it was very good, sadly we lost contact by accident or some faded. Now I have like 2 people only and I don't complain because they're very good to me but sometimes inside I wish I still had the same amount of people I had before because it was a great experience to me and always had someone to talk to, some were very good friends.  Did this happened to someone else? How many internet friends do you have? Or just give some opinions of how you feel about internet friends :) "	cc
"Personalised Poems Hello, amazingly awesome/awesomely amazing people! To bring in the long weekend I thought I'd do another round of poems for your pleasure.  Tell me something about yourself and I'll make you a itty bitty pretty ditty!"	cc
"Don't you hate it when you lose power for a second and everything shuts off? It wasn't a full-on loss of power for a while, just a second, but it was enough for my computer and everything to shut off for a moment.  Highly annoying, especially if I'm working on something. :("	cc
"When people screen calls. (So this is also my first time posting into this subreddit so hello)   I’m sure it’s not just me who gets miffed about people screening calls and then texting right after “did you call?” Of course I did and you watched me call you.    As a person who doesn’t necessarily like talking on the phone, when I call it’s usually because it’s an emergency, urgent or I feel like I’m in danger.   I also hate the fact how text can’t translate emotions which can make things seem passive aggressive. Can you imagine if you were walking home and you felt like someone was following you and you tried to call your friend and they didn’t answer but immediately texted you after?  How annoying. Anyways don’t get me wrong I understand people get busy as well and with driving laws but even then it’s not hard to say “hey sorry I’m busy I’ll call you back”  I have a lot of older relatives and I love talking on the phone with them. I guess I just get impatient with people because when I call I’m trying to get ahold of them immediately and not waiting for them to text me back whenever they feel like it.   Am I just an impatient person or is texting really not that great?  Anyways I hope you all have a good day.   (EDIT: fixed a spelling problem)"	cc
"I just ordered a signed copy of one of my favorite albums on vinyl. yep, i just ordered the signed edition of buckethead's album crime slunk scene! buckethead is my all-time favorite musician, and i surprisingly don't have any merch. i figured this would be a good way to start my collection. :)  anyone else have cool music-related merch they wanna share? i'd love to see pics!"	cc
"Ghosted by my Singaporean friend :( I used to chat and have some fun almost daily with a singapore friend i made on here. We chatted on here and then moved to kik.  One day, the replies ended and we were even chatting up to 10 minutes before the ghosting happened.   Subsequent messages were received but not replied and a few days later both kik and reddit users were deleted.   I still wonder why it was so sudden. I wish a reason was given to me.  What do you think?  Edit: I am male, and my (ghosted)-friend is female."	cc
"I hope your night's better than mine. I just browsed knee deep into /r/HorriblyDepressing (bad idea), and of course, am now not in the greatest state (again, terrible idea). So that's my night. How about yours? "	cc
"Is it all? This probably won't make much sense, but I can't find any good reason to keep living. My sister has schizo and now she's drinking medication and I am supposed to feel alright, but I am not alright. My sister has found a cooking job. I took  care of her for 2 years when she was at her worst. I am so drunk. I am sorry. I can't even write a comprehensible post. Sorry. You're all beautiful. THIS POST SHOULD BE DELETED AND IT MAKES SENSE. IT'S TIME FOR ME TO DIE SOON. :( SORRY. GOOD LUCK. YOU WON'T READ THIS. THIS IS THE END. BYE."	sw
I know my family’s going to be so mad at me But I can’t go on	sw
"One of these days now It's 4am and I cannot sleep, I'm too busy thinking of the various ways to put an end to my life. I think overdosing will be the best way to go.  I have fantasized about my own death for years, knowing that I have the power to end things whenever I can gave me peace. I'm 23 years old and haven't achieved anything in my life. All of my friends from high school are studying to get their masters degree while I had to change major 3 times and haven't got my BA. My parents have invested so much in me but it was all in vain. I will never be the successful son they want me to become. I always hurt thise I love the most (both accidentally and on purpose). Many people have told me that they no longer want to hang out with me because when I'm depressed, I suck the life out of everyone around me. They've told me that they become depressed just by looking at me. I believe that I'm doing everyone a huge favor. I think I'm gonna do it tomorrow!"	sw
"The army doesn’t believe I’m suicidal... About 4 or 5 weeks ago, I finally broke down and found the courage to go to behavior health after everything started falling apart around me.  They had me take a test that basically said I don’t have a disorder like bipolar, ptsd and so on... cool, I could have told them that. But because I don’t have a disorder I must be “fine” and I’m just saying the buzzwords.  They don’t seem to give a fuck about the fact I bought a knife just for the sole purpose for the day I finally decide I’m done... which is most likely today"	sw
Help a gal out It’s my birthday and it hasnt been the best. I’m in the mood to be an emotional drama queen on the couch with a big bowl of ice cream so recommend some movies that will make me cry like a baby ❤️ please & thanks 	cc
"Writing Normally I’d write to distract my self from my Deepening depression but , in this moment , at 3:45pm , I’m writing my last note , to everyone , trying to , I’ve tried many times but I think it’s the last, it’s hard to tell people not to blame themselves, they just take all their selfishness and turn it against them , how are you supposed to make them realize it’s your decision, your death"	sw
"Introducing: The New Mods of r/CasualConversation! As you may have noticed, there's a few new mods around these here parts. Please feel free to AUA (ask us anything) over the next few days, we'll be happy to answer :)  Be warned: This is going to be an ENORMOUS post (pushing 5,500 characters).  **HysteriacTheSecond**: Salut! I'm /u/HysteriacTheSecond (although perhaps that part is redundant since my username is provided anyway), or Emily for short. Feel free to call me anything, though; I really don't mind! \^_\^ Other little tidbits: I'm from a little village in the north of England, and I'm likely one of the younger moderators here at age seventeen.  I really am so excited to be a part of the community here at /r/CasualConversation. I've always seen this subreddit as a great bastion for a combination of the wholesome and friendly nature for which all subreddits should strive with the great size that makes such an achievement often nearly impossible. I, of course, know that this is partly down to the fantastic work put into the subreddit by the moderation team, and to be able to help the team with this goal is something about which I am incredibly proud.  My passions often rest within the avant-garde: I adore delving into all that is 'out-there' in the arts, from James Joyce (favourite: *Finnegan's Wake*) in literature, to David Lynch (favourite: *Inland Empire* / *Mulholland Drive* / *Twin Peaks: The Return* / [Oh gosh I have no idea](https://imgur.com/a/grlhL)) in film, to Autechre (favourite: *Chiastic Slide*) in music, to Francis Bacon (favourite: *Pope I*) in fine art. Bar the arts, I also adore philosophy; catching up with the Nintendo Switch's first year; playing Dungeons & Dragons, among other board games; staring at pictures of buns (preferably [king buns](https://xkcd.com/1682/) but I'm not fussy); and spreadsheets.  :-)  **SoapyTheBum**: Howdy! I'm SoapyTheBum, you can just call me Soapy. I live in New York, right in the suburbs of the city.  I'm so happy to be part of this community because of how much I really enjoy being here and engaging with all of the other people who are just looking to shoot the breeze. The relaxed atmosphere, the friendly mood, the encouraging responses all come together to create just a wonderful community that I'm not only glad to be part of, but also proud to be part of.  While I have a lot of hobbies, the ones that I seem to talk the most about are cooking and reading, and I'm always willing to talk about either those things, as well as any other topic that I'm either familiar with or interested in.  Other hobbies that I enjoy are: board games, dungeons and dragons, video games, and pop culture, and music.  **Lousy_Try_Brian**: Hey, everyone! My name isn't really Brian (I'm actually a woman!) so you can call me Lousy. :) I'm so excited to join the team!  I love r/CasualConversation because it embodies the best of the internet: a place where strangers from all over the world can share in pleasant conversation without the usual trolling, hostility, and other ugliness that creeps in so easily. I am so grateful to have a chance to join the mods and contribute to this awesome sub!  I'm from the great, if misunderstood, state of Utah in the USA. I'm in my 30s, so I think I may be one of the older mods. I work as a technical writer by day, and in my free time I love to bake delicious things, read interesting books, and spend time with my family. I'm looking forward to seeing you all around the sub!  **Mel_Pond**: Howdy y'all! My name is Mel, or Melody, or even River Song if you want (Yes, it's definitely a Doctor Who reference). I've always loved the strong sense of community in the sub and I'm insanely happy to give back however I can! I'm definitely the youngest of the mod team, and I'm also a fairly artistic individual. I look forward to the next few months!  **Love_The_Heat**: Hi everyone. New guy. A quick blurb about myself?  It all started when my life was flipped and turned upside down. I was born and raised in Philadelphia where I spent a lot of time at this local playground where we mostly chilled, relaxed, and shot basketball.  One day these no good guys started trouble and we got in a fight. It was crazy actually. One guy picked me up and swung me around in a circle on his shoulders. I bet it looked crazy from above. Anyways, my mom got scared and sent me to Cali to live with my Aunt and Uncle. It's about 7 or 8 right now as I write this and I can't believe that I'm finally here with ye as the new Prince of CC.  My neck hurts, but nice to meet you!  **MattsOutrageous**: Hey guys! My name is Matt. you can also call me Adam (my middle name) if you prefer :) I'm based in the UK so I guess I'll be taking the morning shift ;)  I'm so happy to be a part of r/CasualConversation because I absolutely love the community here. Everyone seems to be invested in others and supportive, caring, kind... You're all fantastic. Above all, y'all know how to have a conversation, casually.  I'm definitely not the youngest in the mod team at 24 years old, but I don't think I'm the oldest either!  I'm a huge fan of video games. I work in a game dev studio for my day job and I'm working towards being at least a semi-pro hearthstone player. If anyone plays and wants a friendly game, don't be scared to shoot me a message :)"	cc
"I want to kill myself after my baby is born Long story short my boyfriend and I were looking at c# videos to use to make a video game, I'm a little spacy without my ADHD medications and I'm unusually tired from my pregnancy. I was paying attention to the video just ripping my nails while I do it, he looks at me kicks me out of the project. I told him your being unfair without even giving me a chance we argued I walked back said fuck you to him but in front of his cousin's room, he got upset. When we were away from them he hit me three times on my arm and I cried. He doesn't sit down and talk he just shuts me down. Whenever he sees me sad for days he would sit down and take me more serious. I feel there's like no point and I have nobody. "	sw
"Trying to come up with ideas for my Rap Album...I am not generally a fan of modern rap, so I decided to give an alternate take on the genre... I'm not musically talented at all; writing is more my niche.   The whole idea is that I'm not a thug, playa, gangsta, or anything like that. I'm just a guy who grew up in the safe suburbs of Kansas City, MO. I have things to say, personal struggles I've been through, etc. I don't have gold around my neck, Ferraris, I don't make it rain in ""da club,"" but I'm confident in my ability to string together sentences in altogether entertaining ways.  I just started writing rhymes down whenever I could at work after binging Tech N9ne's stuff. Speedom was what really inspired me, but I'm trying to replicate the mid-80s to early-90s sound. Kris-Kross, Sugar Hill Gang, Beastie Boys, etc.  It's more of a hobby than anything right now, and it's in its very very early stages at the moment, but it's just something different that I thought I'd throw out there."	cc
"A little down today. I've been down a lot recently, I don't have friends so I don't have many options for conversation.  People tell me all their problems and I listen, but don't really share mine. Anyway... talk to me, ask me something, just give me some interaction please... "	cc
"i dislike very detailed world building in fiction novels it is type of infodumping i dont like the most when i read novels. i feel like i care more about dialogue and small info dumps more. now i dont mind if a story stall a bit, but i really get turned off when the author goes in details for many pages to describe a city or a place. i feel more interested if stuff are happening or when characters are talking. i just want novels that go straight to the point unless that infodumps is really really important and done in fun way.  "	cc
"I can't fucking stand ads for things I've been looking at (or already bought), but I love ads for things I didn't even know I wanted. Targeted ads are sooooo creepy (they also give away your browsing history to anyone who uses the same computer), but every once and a while you'll see an ad that's not apparently targeted but happens to be something you'd like but did not know existed, and it's so nice.  I wonder if they're all working off the same data and algorithms, though."	cc
Life is bullshit I want to kill myself. Everything is so fucked up. Ive already cut so much and life is pointless	sw
"Lazy Wednesday Happy Humpday to all you Reddit peeps. I’m enjoying a lazy Wednesday afternoon. After class I met some friends at Loro, the new collaboration between Aaron Franklin and Tyson Cole in Austin off South Lamar. [The food](http://imgur.com/a/klvV2) and drinks were amaze balls. I got to sample the Crunchy Sweet Corn Fritters, Smoked Prime Bavette, Garlic Rice Noodles, and Pork Shoulder. The Old Fashioned was also really good and paired nicely with the pork shoulder. Definitely recommend to everybody in Austin or visiting. How’s everyone else’s Wednesday going? "	cc
"I got the chance to be independant today and explore my new city I just moved to a new city where I don't know a soul to follow my fiance to a new job opportunity. Although I don't have anyplace to drive it he knew how important getting me a car would be on my morale, so we did. I love this man.   ETA: I bought the car, I paid for the car, the car is in my name.   It was always the plan to get me one but it just didn't make financial sense yet. He convinced me that my sense of freedom while he's on 10 hour shifts is more important that the money that we would have saved on a car payment this month. "	cc
"Song(s) for the weekend people? It's a beautiful start to a Saturday morning in the UK.  I've got my favourite song on which just released yesterday. Had a fun driving lessons as well, but I was on high energy from this song that I may have drove a little fast for today :)  My weekend repeats will be, in order: TEN - New Heroes - This song is on repeat at the moment for me. Very high energy for people in need of some!  PENOMECO - Shine A$AP Rocky - A$AP Forever WINNER - Everyday  Everytime I'm audibly attacked with a new song I forget how amazing the happiness feels are from it. Definitely makes the weekend better  "	cc
"I'm finally able to cope better with the stress of everything! Bit of back story:  I have suffered from depression and anxiety from a young age and have attempted suicide multiple times (Thank you to the doctors whom saved me). About 6 months ago, my SO of nearly 3 years cheated on me, and broke up with me in the worst way possible (on a trip to Paris that we've planned from the start of the whole relationship). I have had a pretty major operation and landed in ICU for a day because my body started giving up after the operation. For 3 months afterwards, I was bed bound (Was on multiple types of pain relief such as morphine etc) I also developed pneumonia shortly after moving back to my own house forcing me back to my family home. I have missed out months of university, and gave up with everything. I started getting screened for cancer because of some problems with the postOP tests. A month ago, both my grandparents ended up in hospital (grandad had 3 major heart surgeries within the space of 2 days and grandmother has had reoccurring heart attacks) and my grandad is being screened for lung cancer (he doesn't smoke).   Now for the less sad part: I'm really down because of everything, but I am able to finally help out my family and support them without constantly breaking down and thinking of the fastest way out. For the past month I've realised that there is so much to live for, I haven't ever felt like this in the short life that I've lived so far. I'm happy I can gather myself together for my family and everyone around me around such a negative time. This might just be a short burst of self-esteem, but I've never had such a thing happen to me before and I can see happiness through everything that has happened.  Today is the best and worst I've felt in a long time and I can finally say that I can cope with it better than ever in my life!  How's your day been going? :)"	cc
"For many years now I have occasionally had suicidal feelings. Any time you want to do kill yourself, wait 24 hours 1st. It may pass. Do not forget that most who try and fail find new reasons to live.  I do not really know why I started to post here... I know recently I feel like killing myself again. But I will not. I have responsibilities."	sw
"Anyone else “allergic to a smell?” No one I know seems to understand what I mean by this, so let’s see if anyone on the internet gets me.   For example: I am allergic to *only* the smell of vanilla. I can eat vanilla flavored things, anything containing vanilla extract and whatnot, but I cannot stand to smell it. The simple smell causes my allergies to flair like crazy - I have pretty bad allergies, so on certain instances I break out into a fever if I smell it for too long. Same thing goes for cinnamon and coconut.  Does this happen to any of y’all or anyone know how to explain it?"	cc
"I have good news, bad news, and cake. What do you want first?  I'll start with the bad news. I have a doctors appoitment tomorrow that I'm very anxious about. If any of you have seen my comments in the past year, you'll know I don't have a good track record with them. And, to signify my inner meltdown I've had nonstop for the last year, my last cold root beer exploded and made a huge mess.   Except here is the good news. All this time I thought I didn't hold the cards. That everyone else in this life, and death, had more control over me then I did. I was wrong. I'm not doing good right now. I'm not going to lie. But, do you want to know the good part? I have a dream that is perfect for me. A cause I want to fight. A friends wedding to see. And, a world of opportunity. *I also have Smash Bros.* All of that is in the near future and it will be there when I'm ready. Because unlike my root beer I am not having a complete meltdown. I am not falling to the floor in tears and screams anymore.   I hold a lot more power then I once thought I did. I think I proved that by now. Since coming to Reddit I was threatened on my life (by someone on Reddit), had a friendship turn toxic, faced starvation, lost people, etc. I had possibly the worst year of my life, and I'm still here. It's hard to remind myself that the battle is over. That I survived against all odds. But, I did it. It took losing everything to know who I am and what I want. Now I just have to not be afraid and go for it.   Who's with me?"	cc
"I love producing music so much but the style I’m going for on this tack is insanely tedious. Anyone up for a chat? Hey all,  So instead of doing my assignment due in two weeks I figured I might express my current emotion and produce some music. The genre is LoFi Hip Hop and I decided to, instead of writing my own chords, chop up a piano sample.   This is the first time I’ve ever chopped a sample up and it’s tedious and time consuming but sounds exactly the way I want. Thinking it might be the best track I’ve made... who knows. Can anyone relate?  What’s something you guys love doing but sometimes it just grinds your gears???"	cc
"Bonding time with my cat So today i had beautiful moment with my cat, she and i hunted a rat together... she became more friendly after that xD thought i'd share this bizarre expirience."	cc
"Why should i even try to live anymore? There really is no point to my existence. It hurts me, it hurts those around me. Im just a fucking NEET tranny slob with no redeeming qualities. What the fuck is the point"	sw
An interesting observation Hi everyone. I have an interesting question about this sub. (First of all I am in a better space at the moment so this is more hypothetical right now) Why is it that when people post that they are suicidal everyone tells them they shouldn't do it and say things that are good in the world etc and yet many of us are still actively suicidal ourselves.  Like why can't we extend the same courtesy to ourselves that we do to others?  I don't mean it in a mean way or anything (I have been there too and an likening to be again) I am just curious and would like to have a bit of a discussion.  Thoughts anyone?	sw
I need to die I need to die right now please help I can’t fucking live this is urgent please how long does Panadol or ibuprofen ove dose take to kill me	sw
"Im 13 and wanna know how i can make money How can i make money as a 13 year old, except i cannot mow lawns (I do not have a lawn mower and i live near apartment complexes) and i cannot babysit/dogsit cus of overprotective parents"	cc
Need help on next move all money taken away by child support services... dont know what to do... life in shambles... 	sw
"VEGAS Guys Trip, any recommendations? Going on a guys trip to Vegas in a week. Looking for recommendations on fun shit and trouble to get into. Lots of alcohol and recreational use is already on the Table. What do you guys like to do, where to go and what to definitely check out? We're looking to make this an all out guys trip😈. Let me know what ya like and think we should not skip. We've been there a couple of times, but seems like there's a lot of new shit to do. What should we pass on, shows, clubs, etc? "	cc
"I received my first birthday present today. I'm gonna be 22. To preface this, I never received any sort of presents for my birthday or any other gift giving holiday like Christmas, since it just wasn't a thing in our family.   But since moving to the states I've made a few good friends who would continually ask what I'd want as a gift and I'd turn them down because I didn't know how to even ask for stuff like that.   After years of friendship, my best friend simply sent me a large box of things from our years knowing each other. Alright my birthday, isn't till mid June, she sent it now as a surprise.  I'll admit, it feels nice. "	cc
Please allow me to diiiiiie I wanna kill myself so bad!! I don't wanna do this anymore and I'm so so tired of being lonely!!! Why the world takes suicide so serious??? I just don't want to be here and I really really want to end it all but my family is gonna be in trouble if I do that. They don't even love me like at all why do I even care. Omg someone help me all of these was a big mistake. My life is one big mistake.	sw
"I just saw a woman at the gas station... So, this is probably more of my internal blathering vomited on to my smartphone, so feel free to down vote or tell me I'm an idiot, insane, etc.  I just feel like sharing.  Also, a question to get the conversation flowing.  So, I just stopped at the gas station to fuel up for the week.  I'm chilling by my car as the gasoline flows, when this newish black car pulls up on the opposite side of the pump from me.  Out of the car steps this beautiful woman.  Nice jacket, blouse, skirt, leggings, and shoes all primarily black with white accents, all perfectly matching her pale skin and dark hair.  I truly just wanted to tell this woman she was crushing it with her look, and that I thought she looked amazing.  However, what's the point?  She's a strong independent woman and she doesn't need compliments, approval, or validation from some random dude at a gas station.  I'm curious about people's thoughts about striking up conversation with strangers in these brief moments of collision that occur in our daily lives.  Grocery store / gas station / etc.  Do you talk to strangers?"	cc
"I hate myself too much to keep going I've hated myself ever since I was 11 years old and have been suicidal since I was 12.                     The difference is at that time I was at least somewhat hopeful about the future. I had the chance to make my situation better but I always ruin everything, make stupid decisions that I end up regretting.                      Now I have no perspective, and little hope of fixing any of my mistakes. I feel like a retard most of the time. I never wanted to be born and this life always felt like a mistake itself. I should have ended it when I was 12 instead of waiting longer. "	sw
"what should i do? A bit about me: I did extremely well academically in school, and got into a top university. I had things set for me. But shit happened, and I ended up with a criminal conviction. My future career is shit, because of that record. I may as well drop out of university as I won't get a job with a record.   Second, I'm the most anti-social guy you'll ever meet. During school, I never attended a dance, or social outing. I even skipped the semi-formal and then the formal the following year. (For the Americans here, a formal is like a prom.) Even when my mates arrange for one of their female friends to go as my date to social events at university, I create excuses and never show up. I just don't know how to communicate with people. Give me a job at a computer and I'll do it no problem. Give me an individual written ask to do at university, and it'll get done. But give me group work and I'm the most fucked up mong you'll ever meet. My interpersonal skills are dog shit.   I have't talked to a girl (with the exception of my sister and mom) face to face for like 5 years. (I went to a private catholic boys only school and I just never had much of a peer group. Apart from interacting at school and the rare weekend drinking session at a mates place, I never associated with anyone outside of the 6 close mates in my peer group.) As such, I've lived in isolation from girls for an incredibly long time, and literally have no clue of how to communicate with them.   To compound my already fucked up life I was diagnosed with ADHD and suffer from depression. The terms of my parole (12 months of parole due to my criminal conviction) state that I must seek psychological help. I've been there and done that. Psychologists are useless. I've begun seeing my old psychiatrist after a year of not seeing him. I hope I'll be able to use my ADHD condition to get back on Ritalin. (I was on it during high school and it made studying and life so much easier. Since I got off it, my life has gone downhill.)   I recognize that I need help. I come from a very well off family, and my parents have the attitude that money can solve everything. And they were right. I have a speech impediment, and chucking money at a speech therapist solved the problem. My poor grades in the first few years of high school were solved by chucking money at a private tutor. My ADHD was solved by chucking money at a psychiatrist and at Ritalin. With my parent's attitude, I feel I cannot get help from them.   What people don't  know is I've attempted suicide before. Thankfully a dog walker saw me throwing the noose around a tree to hang myself and tackled me. I ran off before he could call the police.   In my opinion, to get my life back on track, I must: (1) get back on Ritalin (this will become a reality next month); (2) get a real social life and start associating with people; and (3) stop being a mong (I can laugh about it now, but sometimes I feel like ending my life).   Any suggestions/comments on my plan?"	sw
"I hate my brother I hate my brother so much that I'm thinking about killing myself. There's no food in the house and he made some, but I hate him so much that I don't want to eat anything that he made. I've been eating more and more to deal with my depression and suicidal thoughts, and now i have no money and no food to eat and I'm thinking about killing myself. I have so much hate in my heart for my family. wtf is wrong with me "	sw
"Is it lame to give yourself a nickname and encourage others to use it instead of your real name? I've only ever had nicknames when a was a kid and I never liked them. Now I've come up with one I want to use, partly because of anonymity and partly because I like it. But nicknames are usually given to you, so will it feel forced and artificial to ask friends and new peeps to use it?"	cc
"What is your hobby or interest, and how did you find it? I'm in that mood where I'm trying to google search an interest and am obviously not having some sort of Eureka! moment where I find a new passion. But I would like to hear about how any of you came across a main hobby that really interested you."	cc
I can't afford my suicide mission FML. That's the last piece to my puzzle. I wanted to make it the best day of my life. I need the money kinda fast but not too much in a rush but still can't see myself making my deadline or getting the money. I'm sorry guys but I'll try to update if I ever make it. I'm going to stop posting here until I do.	sw
Spent all day trying I planned to hang but I couldn’t man up and proceed so I got a gun an the same thing I couldn’t do it. It’s like wen I don’t attempt I know  Fasho every reason I won’t to but when it comes down  to the attempt I go blank .. is there away to convince yourself easier?  	sw
Please help My anxiety ruined a relationship with the best guy I could ever ask for. I am devastated and hopeless and all I want is to fix it. I feel so panicked. I need someone to be here for me right now. Someone who will help me know I'm not alone. Someone I can be completely real with because I'm terrified of the headspace I'm in and I just want help.	sw
"About to start being a real adult Hey guys! I'm training to become a pilot, and as part of the training, I'll be becoming a flight instructor and teaching others to fly. I will be moving out of my parent's house for the first time (college was only 20 min away from home) and not going to lie, it's a little bit daunting. Anyone have any tips, experiences to share, and suggestions?   p.s. I'll probably be moving to Texas, Phoenix, or Florida "	cc
"Servers should be paid a fair wage. I'm all ready paying for overpriced food. I don't wanna tip you too. Why is that? I feel that these servers are so entitled. The problem isn't with customers who don't wanna tip. It's with employers who don't wanna pay you. Should I change my mind? If so, why?"	cc
"My life's a friggin rollercoaster of emotions right now So this week really has everything. On Monday I proposed to my boyfriend and he said yes! So yay :)  totally over the moon with happiness. Then we finalized everything about the move at the end of the month. So still happy.  And today I talked to my landlord again (he finally called me back after a few days) and he said, that I would have to wait until the lease expires in August. So I'm like 'what the hell?!' When I last talked to him, he had said, that I could move out earlier if I presented him with someone who wants to rent the apartment. Now he was like 'well, I would have to talk to the three people you presented me with and that would be just to much work '  Naturally I'm pretty crushed right now because we can't afford to pay rent for two apartments. My fiance is still in university so we will probably talk about this in depth tomorrow... right now it feels pretty shitty...  What about you guys? Has someone some nice stories to cheer me up? Or do you also have a shitty landlord? xD"	cc
"Live until 30 years old So tired, every morning when I woke up, another meaningless and horrified day in my life, my eyes are glazed, no emotions in it. Sit up to look around, there is no meaning of life exist in this room and neither in this world, there is no one waiting for me in the path in front of me and no one will grate me warmly when I want to go home, there isn't one.  But I don't know where should I land my bare foot to rest, where shall I to find a place that do not inflict pains on me.  I hate the people around me, I hate people that have better life, I hate the people that are suffering, why can't they been in good life?   ""There is nothing wrong with the world, the one who is wrong is you!"" I shout back:"" Then why you give birth to me?"" I shouted so loud, the echo woke me up, but it was just a dream.   I wish to die at age 30, not even one second delay, set up the reminder, count down days.   Hope you all find your peace. "	sw
I’m gonna go kill myself now No one wants to be friends with me every one hates me and I should die no one cares about me I’m a worthless piece of garbage that should die goodbye everyone	sw
"Staying alive is torture, want to die but can't kill myself I'm miserable every single day. I want to die but I'm too much of a coward to kill myself. I have no one to talk to, and the people here are all fakes who just say dumb shit like ""oh your family will miss you"" like that helps in any way."	sw
"Meditation I have been carefully meditating and I've finally come to to the conclusion that I want to die. Truly, not sure if it's a broke switch in my brain or not, but I'm trying to decide how.  Personally, I would rather be given a large injection of ""Belladonna"" the pretty lady. Opium mixed with nightshade I believe, should be a helluva trip before my heart stops.  Or perhaps something violent, bloody, gory. All I know is I keep taking the doctors pills and they are robbing me of what little life I feel I have.  Gas bag with helium sounds good too since faking a license to get a firearm seems like a hassle.  Honestly I just want to get away from everyone for a bit, take enough opium so that the hunger doesn't hurt too much, and then od and fade away.  Unless anyone here wants to make a few bucks and shoot me in my home."	sw
"Quitting is tough Which is drinking redbull to a ridiculous amount. Ive gone through some rough stuff which is probably why ive let my bad habbits lose, untill the day before yesterday that is. I stopped drinking this stuff cold turky after consuming like minimum 5 cans a day for a month and a half, had a talk with myself and realized that there is no way i can keep doing this to myself, and man oh man do i feel bad, like physically really bad, i had no idea caffine could give you withdrawls. Has anyone else done this ? how long before the headaches go away ?  "	cc
"Anyone else see rants about how horrible and unfriendly cats are and then look down at the purring mass on your lap? I’m not saying dogs are better or worse than cats first things first. I have both and I can see the positives of both although I have realized I’m definitely more of a cat person. I just don’t get all the people hating on cats, I mean I’ve had quiet a few in my life and I’ve loved them all. I have 4 right now that I couldn’t do without! I just wonder if they’ve ever owned cats or if they got a “rotten apple”. All cats I’ve had have been people cats, loving to be pet and one of my odd ones was even happy to be given pets by the vet. If you don’t like cats, that’s okay that’s your opinion. Please don’t try to tell me a bunch of facts on why my cats don’t actually love me though. Maybe I’ve just been lucky with the cats I’ve gotten, who knows, but they are so sweet and loving. So I really just don’t understand why people hate them. :\"	cc
"I wish I could be a washed up celebrity Then I could be on dancing with the stars, then write a children's book (and have no problems finding a publisher), maybe release a line of fragrances (pretty sure B Spears has 70) and not have to be bothered by the paparazzi when I'm trying to get my morning coffee. I wouldn't be too stressed but I would still have a small amount of power.  What a dream."	cc
"All you need is an excuse. Not much of one.To casually converse. I'm not going to ask you anything, because it might not be the kind of question you're itching to answer. Instead, I shall open this post so you can say what you want to say. On any topic. That includes anything. We are all lonely people, and if you are too proud to come forward as one, I can dig that. Who needs social skills anyway?"	cc
"I'm trash If my boyfriend doesn't love me again I'm going to kill myself.  And even then, I might just off myself anyways.  Me being there didn't help him when he was feeling suicidal, it was the people who hate me, who joined a secret club that was set up because no one wanted to talk to me when I was depressed, and a few of these people even promised not to do this very thing, yet my boyfriend doesn't hold it against them that they broke this promise.  I went to see a therapist, but they just told me I needed thicker skin and that there are 'other fish in the sea'.  He says he doesn't see our relationship as 'doomed' or 'over', and that going to another therapist might fix me so we can be together again.  I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to live with myself anyway, what with how I wasn't able to help him, and it was the people who helped beat me down that did.  I want to go jump off the nearby mountain, but I'm lying to myself that things will get better.  He's currently playing with those same people, doing a thing that I told him hurt my feelings even before the brunt of this mess started, when the others were just starting to gang up and bash me.  I don't care that this is probably toxic of me to still love him. I do. But he doesn't care, and says that I love him to much. Every instinct of mine tells me to tell him I love him, but he says that will just make things worse."	sw
"I finally bought a new laptop but not so sure how I feel about it My current laptop is over 5 1/2 years old. It was an expensive gamer laptop so it can still run many games on high settings (except for the most demanding ones). The laptop is technically still usable, and I probably will continue to use it to play games that are currently installed on it. However, it still has Windows 7 which will be phased out soon (don't get me started on trying to upgrade it to 10), it loads things super slowly, and the hard drive sometimes seems to mysteriously fill up without me doing anything (I get the low disk space prompt all the time). A couple years ago I had to go through the whole process of reformatting my laptop because it crapped out and wouldn't even boot Windows.  Still, I'm the type of person that hates to buy a newer model unless the older model isn't even usable anymore. Same thing for my phone and for my car - I didn't buy a new one until I literally had to tow my car to the dealership for engine overheating (among other things). I guess the reason why I bought a new laptop now is so I could be proactive about transferring to a new computer so it won't be as much of a hassle later on (and I'm getting tired of dealing with my current one), but there's still a part of me that feels like I should still try to squeeze as much out of my current laptop as I can, lol.  Anyone else feel this way about buying new stuff? How do you justify your purchases? I do have my impulsive/frivolous buys on occasion, but I've always been pretty careful with my money, so I often subscribe to the ""if I don't need it I don't buy it"" philosophy."	cc
"It's time. Goodbye Reddit. I am currently driving to visit my grandmothers grave for one last time. Then I will attempt to OD, if I fail then I will give an update. If I don't update then I am either dead or in the hospital. I just thought I should update those that have tried to help me. Thank you all and please just remember that my mind was already made up.   To everyone else on this sub Reddit. I hope that you all can overcome the difficulties that are trying to bring you down. If not I understand, I am in that place where it will never get better.   Goodbye. I love you all. "	sw
"Was almost there Hung myself tonight, I’m drunk. My swallow reflex kept pushing me back up for air. My head hurts. Took a Tylenol but I know it won’t work. Gonna try again tomorrow. My bodies tingling. I can’t feel my face."	sw
"What's something you do within the confines of your own home that keeps you preoccupied and happy? So, I'm on Summer break. Spend most of my time in front of a computer. Prefer to socialize online, IRL socialization **just isn't** for me.  And when you're alone with only an internet connection, zero friends and no one to talk to, and doing everything to combat depression, there's only so much you can do to keep yourself occupied.   I'm wondering how you other people fare? Do you cross-stitch? Write? Read books? What, aside from the common stuff, do you do to pass time? I'm genuinely curious."	cc
"found a spot to hang myself i realized that i'l never be happy, and where my life is going i'll have no friends or family. i already dont but at that point i'll be living alone isolated from everyone. and i came home and found a spot to hang myself. considered it the one good part of the day and now im drinking. i dont know how long i can prolong this, or how long i want to. what do you do when you know that your not going to be happy, that your going to have to force yourself to do things you dont want just to get by, because apart of you cant let go. im fucking losing it. im so lonely. maybe i wouldve gone through with it today had it not taken me so long to find it, with my parents in the house i was a bit cautious.  i've done so many things i cant take back. i just i had a redo. i wish i had enough alcohol so i can stay constantly drunk until my liver goes out. i wish i could be fixed. i dont want to live in this world anymore :'(. my godmother has cancer and i cant even muster up the strength to comfort her about it because im a disgusting piece of shit. it doesnt feel like i love or care for anyone, im so emotionally disconnected from people"	sw
"I turn 32 tomorrow and my life is pointless I’ve reached a point that I see nothing in the future I wish to enjoy. Everything seems utterly pointless. I quit my job at the end of 2016, traveled all over the US for most of the year and even went overseas multiple times for volunteer work and pleasure. I’ve done things this past year that other people dream of doing, yet I am completely jaded. I’ve struggled with depression my entire life, but since August 2016 it’s been worse than ever before and I don’t know how to get out of this hole, or even why I would.  My wife of eight years told me in August 2016 she wasn't in love with me anymore, ends up she had started sleeping with a guy from her work, who she's now living with. Lot's of crazy things happened with her from August until July last year, when she finally moved and never spoke to me again. We’re still technically married, but zero contact in almost a year... well rejection hurts. I know that was where a lot of my depression still stems from, but this feeling that life is pointless feels impossible to shake. During the split from my wife, I basically let her have everything but one of our vehicles, some clothes, and camping gear and I hit the road. I went to 26 National Parks, did crazy hikes, spent two months surfing on the coast in Oregon, loads of snowshoeing and snowboarding, etc. but I also suffer(ed)really bad from insomnia and spent countless nights weeping in my car. Days without eating or sleeping caused my weight to drop and I’ve been hovering around 160, down from my 2016 weight of 220(an at first welcome to my depression, but I’ve now seen as unhealthy).  I had been told I should volunteer to get out of this funk, so I went to Ghana Africa for two months to assist in building an orphanage(I'd done this a few times before in other countries)and I didn't care. I did the work I went to do, I played with kids, etc, but I didn't care and was left cold. I've been back in the states for six months now. Traveling again around the US often. I was told to get a different hobby besides hiking and traveling alone, so I started taking ceramics again at a local craft guild as I majored in ceramic arts in college, but that too hasn’t lifted this cloud. I’ve been told to try to date again and I’ve seen women and slept with them, but I’m not attracted to anyone and my sex drive has bottomed out. I know a lot of this must sound crazy, but I worked to be able to experience a lot and always said yes. Now I look back and I don't know what it was exactly I was working for or why I did so much? There's little I look back on and care to remember. I recognize I should be grateful for what I have, the friends I have, and experiences I have, but I'm not and I feel guilt and shame for that, which causes me to close up even more. I’m currently taking Zolpidem and Trazodone and they aren’t helping at all. I use marijuana frequently to try and feel something, it at least gives me an appetite, but that’s about it. I’ve had the epiphanies at different times that things are going to turn around.  A few weeks ago I was in Death Valley NP, standing at the lowest point in North America and thought out loud that the only direction from here was up! And felt good for a moment, but that moment was so fleeting and felt fake afterwards.   I’m 32.  I have friends that care about me.  I have a family that loves me. I have experiences others dream about. And it all feels like nothing.  My father in law committed suicide during my first year of marriage, along with one of my best friends in high school. I recognize it’s the “easy” way out, I just don’t think I can take this hard path any longer. I’m tired. People know I’m tired. I feel like I’m pathetic when I’m around anyone, like I should be over things, moving on with my life, but it’s like a pause button was pressed and I’m supposed to suffer here.  I don’t know what else to say. "	sw
"Emails (#94) ^^^^I ^^^^think ^^^^this ^^^^is ^^^^the ^^^^shortest ^^^^time ^^^^between ^^^^two ^^^^posts ^^^^I've ^^^^had ^^^^so ^^^^far  Prior to the end of of the spring 2017 semester, I was always on top of all my emails. I hated seeing the little red number notification on my email icon on my laptop or my old iPod touch. As soon as I would get an email from someone, I would reply. I was always very diligent with keeping up with everything.  Then I had to start thinking about my capstone and I had to be in contact with my capstone mentor but that (still to this day when my draft is due tomorrow) felt too overwhelming so I pushed it off and started checking my emails less and less. When I got my new iPod Touch I even deleted the email app from it because I didn't want the constant reminders of my laziness. When I turned on my laptop for the first three years of college I would open the email app and the internet browser as soon as my laptop turned on. Now I haven't opened my email app in months because I'm afraid of the scolding emails saying I should be doing this or that. I still check my emails in the web browser occasionally. I just checked and I have 54 unread emails in my personal email and 29 unread in my college email. That's a lot for me. Most of them are things I consider spam that really aren't, and only one or two are things I should actually care about. When I am done stressing about my school work and being reprimanded for not doing well I do plan on getting back into my habit of checking my emails religiously like in the past.   I never understood how people could just let unread (or even read emails) pile up to the thousands. I had a friend with over 20,000 unread emails. For me, I read the emails, reply if necessary, and then delete them from my inbox if they aren't important enough to keep. Some I'll save into other folders or just keep in my inbox until after a specific date. Every now and then I'll clear out my deleted emails folder and my other folders as well when things are no longer needed in my life.   I hate getting the automatic list-server emails from companies after buying something from them or signing up for some other service on their website. I also hate getting spam after spam from organizations repeatedly when I don't even know how I got on their list to begin with. I have no idea how many email lists I've unsubscribed from over the years. At some point I was getting so much spam in my inbox it took over the emails I needed to get. The only organization I wont unsubscribe from is the company that took my high school graduation photos. They'll still email me once every couple of months asking me to buy the photos even though I graduated in 2014.  When I was around middle school, even though there was AIM, Facebook, and texting, my main way of keeping in contact with a lot of people was via email. Even my grandma! I still have a very small handful of those old emails saved and I wish I had more just so I could look back and see what stupid shit my friends and I would share with each other that seemed so important at 11 years old.   When I m working in the office I have an email relating to the theater that I keep very organized. I didn't set up this email since I wasn't the first assistant my manager has had, so there are tons of emails from before I started working in the office. When I first started there were a large amount of unread emails (over 700) and lots of useless emails in the inbox. I asked my manager if I could go through them and delete what was no longer needed. She showed me which types of emails I should keep and what weren't necessary anymore so I went through all of them until it was all nice and neat. Only a few months ago did it dawn on my to make separate folders for the old emails. Now I have a folder for all the emails before my time, and folders for each six month contract since the older emails aren't important unless the client returns to the theater. Also with this email I do not check it at all unless I am in the office and getting paid. My manager has realized this and, despite her workaholic personality, has accepted that I wont reply to anything when I am not in the office. If something is urgent she'll either text me and email my personal email. I didn't do this so much when I first started working in the office and I felt some of the stress from work carry me home but once I took a hard stance with this approach, things got better.  How many unread emails do you have?  Are there any organizations you get automatic emails from that you don't bother unsubscribing from?  Do you organize your emails in different folders or just let everything sit in your inbox?  Did you ever actually send those old chain emails out to people? (The ones that promised good luck/love or the ones that threatened a monster would come and kill you if you didn't)  How do you disassociate yourself from work when you are not on the clock?  ---  ^^This ^^is ^^post ^^#94 ^^out ^^of ^^~~365~~ ^^360something ^^with ^^my ^^goal ^^to ^^have ^^a ^^conversation ^^on ^^here ^^every ^^day ^^of ^^2018. ^^Feel ^^free ^^to ^^comment ^^on ^^anything ^^I've ^^said, ^^answer ^^my ^^questions, ^^or ^^just ^^talk ^^freely ^^about ^^yourself ^^even ^^if ^^it ^^doesn't ^^relate ^^to ^^the ^^post. ^^I'm ^^here ^^to ^^chit ^^chat.  ^^It's ^^been ^^[21] ^^days ^^since ^^I ^^last ^^missed ^^a ^^post"	cc
Back to where I was nearly a year ago About a year ago this May I posted on another account about how I wanted to die because I messed up my relationship among other things. I then sorted things out with her and everything was great which I updated on.  Now we are taking kind of a break because yet again I cannot be a good person. I always just do shit my own way without thinking of her feelings and opinions.  We have been talking all day and she says she loves me still but she is not sure if she can believe that I can be that person again. I had already promised her this but I just took her for granted.  We had an abortion a few months ago which I was always for but I did say it was her choice. We had it but she told me how much she regretted it after and I do too as I know we would be a happy family by now and would be getting married in one month.  Now all of that is gone or in doubt and I have nothing to show for my life.  I just want to end it but I am also scared to end it. I live near a large bridge that connects Wales and England so it is always an option for me but I don't know what is left for me in life if we end.  I am a bit of a loner and so is she but I don't blame her for wanting to end it. I have fucked it up so many times	sw
"First Time Selling our First House First off, I understand that we, my fiance and I, are really lucky for a lot of reasons and not least of which right now is that we own a house. I don't mean this to be a brag post, just I'm quite stressed about change and moving and firsts and not knowing. We're selling the first house we bought and that we're currently living in. We're moving to new jobs and to a new city. We've never sold a house before and not having anything to compare it to, like what is the norm for showings and etc. It's just stressful and kind of exciting but mostly stressful. So I'm putting it out there... we're selling our first house and I'm stressed about it!! CHANGE IS BAD! "	cc
"A reason to be proud Seeing this subreddit makes me smile, anyone that posts here should be proud of themselves, instead of taking the easy but unsatisfying way out, you've all decided to seek help, maybe some people are too shy or scared to talk about suicide with people in real life, so it is understandable to talk about this anonymously on the internet. I've seen some poeple here say that others talking to them won't make them feel better and that this subreddit is useless, thing is, you might not feel comfort talking to strangers, the point is to see some light, a bit of hope, some ideas of motivations and goals. I hope you can all find a reason to give life another chance.✌️🙏👍"	sw
"How do I kill myself without a gun and without traumatizing people Pills? Where do I get them? I want to die alone, so nothing as intricate as CO poisoning thanks "	sw
"Bad again Its getting bad again, i feel like im living a fucking dream i feel trapped inside myself i cannot go on lile this if this is forever i quit i just cant im so fucking weak😔"	sw
"Anybody else just over it all? I am 45 and have been fighting off suicidal ideation for the better part of 30 years. I even started seeing a therapist and I swear, she's only made things worse. She refuses to give me any antidepressants or help for my crippling anxiety or PTSD. She is condescending and seriously pulled up Google last week during our appt to tell me how to best help my fibromyalgia and anxiety. I almost walked out right then. So on that end, yes, she's gone...finding a new therapist who doesn't suck, but between the chronic fatigue and pain, and the financial difficulties we are facing, I just feel like 45 years was good enough and I would have no qualms with saying goodbye.  Main reason I continue to stick it out is my two adult sons and my husband of 24 years. I know when I've told my spouse about my depression, he just says he'll hate me if I commit suicide. It's rather funny, in a black humor sort of way, as I'll be dead, so why will that really matter? Truth is, I have a life insurance policy that isn't much, but would at least give my husband and boys some money to start a new life. I am sure to pay it every month and have had the policy for over 15 years, so well past any suicide clause. Because of my COPD, depression, fibromyalgia, and other health problems, I cannot up the policy or start a new one as I am ALWAYS denied.   I do work 40+ hours a week and while I like my job, I have 20 years until I can retire with a pension. 20 more years of this life is unbearable and there is no way I will hold on that long. I am a victim services officer and the coordinator for the entire county I live in. The work should be something that stops me from feeling suicidal....I.know...but it doesn't. In fact, often times, helping victims of sexual assault and extreme violence just triggers my own PTSD.   I have been reading through some of the posts I see here and while I think many of you are amazingly kind for your words of hope and your willingness to reach out to help, that is not really what I am looking for. I just want to know what some other coping skills maybe some of you have tried. I feel like I have tried everything and have run out of options for continuing to keep up this facade of loving life. I don't love life, and every morning that I wake up, I wish more than anything that I hadnt.   The depression is just too much to bear and no doctors are even willing to try any antidepressants or anti anxiety medication for me. Even my quack therapist tells me I'm just negative and don't need medication. She doesn't have any idea how close to commiting suicide I am....and she would just tell me suicide won't solve anything. However, as anyone of you who has ever felt suicidal knows, that is not true and often times, when one is suicidal, they have a damn good reason to be and their thoughts are extremely valid and deserve to be heard and respected. So any options for trying to us in a better outlook on life is welcome, but please, I am not here for sympathy or anything like that. I just want to feel certain that I really have given life a fair chance before I end my own. Also, I am not religious, in fact, I hate God and could list a million reasons why and with all due respect, I want to hear nothing about God. Thanks in advance for your thoughts and know I don't sit online, so may not respond for a while and do.t want anyone freaking out or thinking I am being rude by not responding right away."	sw
"Does anyone else hold funeral rituals in their mind of themselves? I noticed that i make funeral rituals in my mind when im feeling really down.  Ive struggled with ideations ever since i could remember.  Sometimes I lay down on the ground and pretend im having funeral rituals. My room is filled with bright colors and flowers because i imagine that when i die it could be a beautiful moment too.  Ive always wanted to be beautiful inside and out side, so i want the last time people see me to be beautiful too.  I just need words of encouragement please. The ideations wont go away but i safe at this moment. This is my first reddit ever. "	sw
"I Would Only Accept a Death Where My Body Is Undamaged I also want a death mask. I want to be buried under my statue, because I will want one. I refuse to die anytime where my body is damaged or not it's in original form. "	sw
"My emotional support is a cat I don't have anything anymore. No one knows how to help no matter their education or personal relation to me. No one can give me a reason to live, no one can comfort me and tell me it's OK, no one can look at me and say I'll be fine. Everyone left, no one cares, except for my fluff ball who let's me cry in his fur. My emotional support is a cat."	sw
"I just can't cope anymore. I live with a lot of illnesses. EDS3 (which causes almost daily dislocations and unending pain), POTS, seizures, sacroiliitis (which causes intractable pain in my hips), migraines, a bulging disc in my spine, I could go on for hours. It's so hard to keep fighting and I just can't do it anymore. I have no family bar my dad in Scotland (I live in London and we don't get to see each other more than once a year) and it's so hard to keep going. I've lost almost everything to these diseases. My dream career, my university degree, my job. My friends (who never call because god forbid they be near a sick person despite being paramedics). I cut off my nmother four years ago on the 9th of this month. I don't regret doing that but it's left me alone. Now I'm housebound and can barely get around the house. I haven't been able to leave the house myself since July 15th last year. It's soul destroying.    I've been feeling low for several weeks and told my SO about it. Thing is, it'll take at least six months for a referral to psych (thank you NHS...) and I don't think I have that long. Not to mention that we're about to move into a new city and it'll take a while to sort out doctors as I'm under about 10 different specialties right now. Urology, gastroenterology, two different rheumatologists (soon to be a third), two neurologists, a urologist, gynaecology, orthopaedics, all sorts. I can't cope and I know I need help asap.   Yesterday I spent most of the day crying my eyes out and wanting to die. Today I don't feel like that but I've been looking up the fatality of various medications if I were to take them. Right now I Don't particularly want to die, but I don't want to live either. I just feel numb.   I don't know how to get help and I don't know what to do but I'm scared I'm going to do myself harm. I just don't know what to do. I don't feel like I'll ever get well enough again to be able to leave the house on my own, that I'll never get back to work or get a degree (which is something I'm desperate to do). I have my SO but that's all I have. I'm just scared. I don't want to keep fighting and face surgeries and pain.   I don't want to be here any more. "	sw
"All set up Im gonna try it. I have scissors nearby and the step stool close just in case i decide otherwise but yeah, this could be it guys. Bye, i guess. You guys were pretty cool."	sw
"I am so close to being done college Im entering the last month of my 5th semester of a computer programming degree. Its a 3 year course, with three 4 month internships in the middle. Which means im 27 months into this program, out of a total 36.  The workload is insane (due to a college strike last semester, costing me 2 weeks of my semester) but I just know its going to be so worth it.  So close! What are you guys looking forward too? Whats 'So close!' for you?  EDIT: Changed 32 to 36 months."	cc
"Just want to put a gun to my head I dont want to have to think about dying. I just want to pull a trigger and be gone. Im not even sure I know exactly why I am feeling like this. Probably just a bit of everything; the trans shit, being a fucking NEET, just all of it. I feel like when the only thing that i like to think about is ""oh what game would be fun to play?"" then there's no point in living. I dont contribute anything to anyone, and besides my close family, everyone would be over my death fast enough that it might as well not have happened. Maybe there's even an afterlife. Who knows. I want to know. I want a gun. "	sw
"Made up my mind I've made up my mind,im going to commit suicide on thursday(myt) which is tmr...so...idk..thought ill just post this here.."	sw
"Anybody want to talk? 15, male from england bored as fuck, gonna be awake all night contemplating shit. Feel free to message or challenge me on whatever..."	sw
"Does anyone live in small towns/the suburbs? If so how is it? Ive always wanted to live in a small town. I don't actually have real life examples or names, but towns like the one in Love, Simon, Life is strange (the game), 13 reasons why etc etc. (I never realized how much is unknown of anywhere outside of Texas). I hope yall can tell what kind im talking about lmao. Anyway, it seems so peaceful and calm and everything isnt too far away. Its a place that actually seems like a nice place to live, since big cities arent really somewhere id like to live in an extended amount of time. I dont even know what place I live at is considered as. I don't live close to downtown, but its not the suburbs either. Theres no ""hangout places"" where people go to regularly. Theres no coffee shop across my super shitty high school. Everything is so spread out. Maybe its just movies, books and shows exaggerating my mind on how life in suburbs actually is, but it seems really nice"	cc
"Writing Feedback? So, I went to the Chicago Art museum today, and in It, I saw a sculpture of a woman who accidentally killed herself through her own stupidity on her wedding day. So, a 'tragic hero', but what if the tragedy was not an accident? It's a bit inspired this myth, some Taming of the Shrew/12 Things I hate about you, and some of Remus & Romulus (Myth of the founding of Rome)     “You should do it sister, it will be fun” The sister of the bride encouraged, opening the chest at the foot of the bed. The bride gave a soft smile, and sat down in it. Her husband was downstairs, draining drinks at the reception. He loved surprises, right? She was sure, and she bent over, wrapping her arms around her upper legs. Her splitting image closed the lid of the chest, the iron hasp on the front locking it loosley. ‘Fool’ she thought to herself, as she draped the cover back over the chest. Then she put the heavy iron lock pin through the hasp, sealing one of their fates.  Somewhere along the line, she had been labeled as dumb. It was far from the truth. She had earned the label because she did not listen, and questioned authority. She was sharp as a razor, and cunning as a wolf. Her sister was an obedient and empty headed sheep. However, the sheep was the one who had hours earlier married the son of a rich nobleman. She was set to go to a nunnery.   “Remember, don’t make a sound, or the surprise will be lost” the wolf said, blowing out one of the candles, then the other, and then taking the third with her. She closed the door, and went down to the reception. At the head table was her mother, her father, the parents of the groom, and the groom. Her sister's seat was not the only one empty, but she took it.   It was actions like these that caused the negative connotations around her. Everyone knew the finances of the wedding. While they were not poor, they were not rich either. There was good money and many promises made for a hand in marriage. Just not hers.     What do you think? Any feedback is appreciated"	cc
yesss friday! here's 5 q's for ya 1. weekend plans?  2. what're you waiting for?  3. what would be your dream job?  4. what is the direction you want to take your life?  5. who do you feel is pretentious?	cc
"This is a weird coincidence... I started watching Cowboy Bebop a couple weeks ago, I fucking loved it and I finished it yesterday. Turns out, yesterday was Cowboy Bebop's 20th anniversary. And I had no idea.   Just wanted to share that little tidbit with someone.  "	cc
Tattoos are awesome. I've been looking into them recently and I'm just beginning to realize how dope they are. The amount of self expression. At one point someone felt strongly enough about something to put it on their body. I find this to be incredibly interesting and thought I'd share. What are some of the coolest tattoos you've seen ? 	cc
A concerning post on r/teenagers https://www.reddit.com/r/teenagers/comments/897457/im_sorry/?st=JFIZH86G&sh=31dddb4a  I’m attempting to pm him and help and would like others to help who may be able to relate. 	sw
"I’m suddenly weak. Alone. Not lonely. I’m isolated. I don’t have anyone. Alone. No family, no friends. I sabotaged it all, and ran. What’s the point in being here? I never consider suicide because I know it’s just that I feel bad because things are hurting me.    This is different. I’m not lonely. I’m alone.   If people who distanced themselves from me saw this, they’d know that I deserved it. That’s why they don’t want to know me.    My own actions. Not anyone else’s fault. I could have a lot of friends to rely upon. I really could. I got so many chances.    ______  An analysis— just for myself. The past: Can’t sleep. Eat. Function. I cried yesterday just because I had to twist the taps to get water. Alcohol. The present: Time goes by too fast. I’m wasting time. Confused about my obligations, not sure how to do anything. Not sure what I should be doing. Just that this isn’t what I should be doing. The future: Nothing to live for. Failure. No hope. Nothing. Frightening."	sw
"Can I get in trouble for doing this or am I overreacting? You know sometimes you do something in the moment, then later think ""fuck...maybe I shouldn't have done that..""?   I'm taking this class and there's 200 peoples. The professor is awful, everyone knows it. Anyways, I was invited in this groupchat with like 40 different students from the class and we just help each other out cause the professor doesn't bother. Now during course evaluations, they're supposed to anonymous. People in the group chat were like ""I'm so writing a long review about this prof..."" and I thought it would be funny to write a rough draft pretty much saying ""This teacher is completely useless, get rid of him."" And I stupidly posted it in the group chat just to get some laughs.  I don't know all these ppl well enough, and now I'm worried maybe there's a snake in their who might secretly send it to the teacher and maybe the teacher will fail me or something. Am I panicking for nothing? Fuck I'm dumb..."	cc
"*not urgent* I don't know anymore First off I put not urgent so people who are in a much worse place might be tended to first.   I've  been having mood swings the past few days and now I'm just plain depressed. I don't want to die, I just don't want to be here right now. I lost most of my friends recently, it was great I became happy for once not needing to deal with people who didn't care about me but at the same time I'm back to square one; alone. (that's not to say I want them back, I don't. Its just... yeah)  The thing that's been keeping me going over the years is video games. I love playing them, analysing them, and noting the mechanics, level design and script work. But now I have no one to play with, no one to talk to about it. Just sort of seems pointless to log in. It sounds pathetic but games are in a way my life. I'm going to Uni studying games design.   I'm just stuck, I don't know if I can make friends, and I'm not sure anyone would be willing to get to know me. I don't know anymore."	sw
"Tarot cards for psychology Interestingly enough, I was reading up on tarot cards and the history of them, first as playing cards, divination/spirit communication (whatever you want to call it) came later.   I think many people who do psychic readings just do it for the money; if you actually think you’re talking to spirits, well, you have another thing coming, but whatever floats your boat.   Anyway, I read that some therapists use them sort of like a Rorschach test, providing a different perspective of seeing a problem, both figuratively and physically in the image.   Granted, things only have power if you give it power, but I still think it’s an interesting idea. "	cc
"Procrastinating even with suicide I actually planned to kill myself today. I set it up during Friday. Planning my methods. Setting up the date, saying Monday midnight is my time. Mentally imagining myself, gripping a knife's hilt with both my hands, and thrusting down in my gut. Imagining the pain it gives as I pull the knife upward, blood drenching the bedsheet, and painting my shirt.   My blood pooling beneath me.   And imagines like those were playing in my head, smiling as I envision it all. Oh how my mother who would wake me up, find me bleeding, and she would scream.   How my sister would find the note left on my desk. Telling of my plans, to not spread word of my death tonight. To only say it on my eighteen birthday, that I, have perished, using my own hands.   Within the car I would talk to my mind, preparing the note that would tell of my plan. And Saturday has came, my mind unchanged, and finally Sunday. Waiting for the night to cover the lands.   But then... something happened. As I ready my laptop, preparing the letter of my farewell. My childhood friend and best friend, she had messaged me, when we haven't talked for days. And with that sudden message, I knew someone or something within this world was watching me. They were preventing me of my plan.   Then messages of my old classmate friend telling me of how she had missed me so much. Telling a story of how certain songs had reminded her of me. And how now she offers to stay up with me till the night.  And an old friend whom I have not chatted in months, had suddenly said hi. Just really proves of something stopping me tonight.   My friends know nothing of my plan, and so they spoke none stoping me this night, but the time I spoke to them, has taken my time of writing down the things I wanna say before I go.   I can't kill myself without a note.   I find this unfair. Truly unfair. I feel nothing anymore. I just want to die and stab myself, but now my energy has left. Sleep wanting to take me in her embrace but I can't. Sleeping means waking up alive and going to school. I want darkness. I want death.   Why can't people die when they ask.   But still tonight, everything I planned does not go as I say. Time taken from me. Energy taken from me. Feelings taken from me. Tonight, I take nothing of me, and certainly not my own life.  But perhaps, I can have taken by sleep.  "	sw
"I'm afraid of the paranormal, can you change my mind? I was always afraid of the paranormal stuff since my childhood. I think I've encountered paranormal experiences but I'm not sure about it. I REALLY want to get rid of my fear. I'm at the verge of crying since I'm already 20/Girl and I worry about irrational things. Change my mind, please. This is more serious than you can even imagine; my fear is ruining my mental peace and life. "	cc
distractions for after breakup somebody please comment ideas for distractions after a breakup i really feel that i’m going to end up in a mental hospital tonight and want to avoid it all costs 	sw
"Unable to feel joy - why act like my life is worth living? For the last 14 months I have been suffering from persisting side effects related to SSRI’s. I have completely lost my sexual desire and sexual function and I feel anhedonic (emotionally limited).   The aforementioned side effects are fairly common while on SSRI’s, but a small portion of people who take them experience the negative side effects indefinitely. Based off of the fact that I have not recovered one bit since stopping the meds in Feb ‘17, I believe that I will never heal. I am perfectly healthy from the outside, but on the inside, I am a robotic eunuch with no emotions.   I cannot stand the thought of living like this long term. People try and tell me that life is still worth living, but what they don’t realize is that my brain chemistry is altered so I literally cannot experience joy like most people. I want to kill myself but I don’t have a gun and I don’t want to try any method that could leave me alive and maimed. It’s either try and get a gun or jump out of my office window. "	sw
I'm awful I used to be a good person. Now I'm not. I feel like if I keep living I'll become worse and worse.	sw
"I sexually committed a crime and I can’t get over it. Let me start out by saying that I came on here for support and to see what I actually did was wrong. I 100% feel like what I did was wrong, but I want other people’s opinions as well. I’m scared to tell my friends about this or even a therapist, so I decided to go on here to see if I could get some advice. Could be bad, but it’s worth a shot. I’m running out of options.  A little backstory, I’m 19, and I recently dated this girl that I used to go to school with. She moved back into town and we started talking again. Right away, I knew she was into me because she kept on dropping hints about my looks and all that. I figured, what the hell, I’ll go out with her. She is my type anyways. So we started dating and we took things at a very fast pace, which I was nervous about, but she assured me that everything was fine.   It was my birthday the next day, and she wanted me to come over and spend the night with her. I said no at first, due to the fact that it was 11 at night and I just wanted to go home and sleep. But eventually I gave in. I drove over there and we started to lay in bed and talk. I don’t know why I got so horny, but I did. So I wanted to get rid of it. With my girlfriend being right there and us already doing sexual stuff (dating for a month btw. This is the fast paced part I mentioned), I wanted to have sex. She said she wasn’t in the mood. So I went down a notch and asked her to talk dirty to me. She laughed at that fact and said no. I kept on asking her, joking with her, and eventually she gave me. I do my thing, clean up, and we talk afterwards and then sleep.   The next day, we get dressed and I leave her apartment. Throughout the day, we’re talking and then she says that she’s in big trouble. Said that something went down with her grandparents and that she is screwed. We didn’t talk for a day, so I got worried and asked her the next day if she was okay. She responded and confronted me about my sexual assault.   I first, I was shocked that I could do such a thing. I thought nothing of it, but as she told me and made me remember, it hit me like a brick wall. I started to ball my eyes out. I told my mom about what happened and she tried to reassure me that it was just a huge misunderstanding, but I knew what I did was wrong.  I apologized and everything to her. We eventually broke up and it still dawns on me everyday of what I did.   I’ve done some recent research on this topic and see what I can do to get some help for myself as I don’t want to be the same person that I am. I also see if this was an actual crime or not. Judging from what I read, it seems like it could be to me, but again, want peoples opinions on this one.   I posted it on here mostly because I saw a similar one on here and I want to die over this. I feel absolutely distraught and disgusted over myself for this.   Any advice you guys have will help me a lot, as I’m stuck at a crossroads and don’t know what to do. Thanks "	sw
"What should I number my homemade die with? My friends and I are about to carve out a 20 sided die from wood. They have ideas to number their dice with runic numerals and greek numerals. I don't want to copy them, so any original ideas there? I'm also accepting silly answers. "	cc
"I love tattoos but I despise the negative stigma surrounding them I’ve two tattoos, one that’s fairly large on my wrist, and one that’s somewhat small on my shoulder , I really wish that I didn’t have to fear not receiving future jobs just because of tattoos, a lot of older generations don’t really understand tattoos or find it to be the devils work or intimidating  And that’s shitty, it really is  When tattoos can be art or really meaningful to people, of course the same can be said for any body modifications be it hair coloring, piercings etc, but for me I just wish I was free to tattoo anywhere Without that fear  I would’ve tattooed my shoulder tat on my other wrist if society didn’t care about tattoos   It’s definitely getting better though, second generations and millennials are really tattoo addicts "	cc
"After hardcore dieting and working out this week, I had my first cheat meal And it was amazing lol. I have been doing full body workouts, cardio, and eating extremely clean and in a calorie deficit for the past 5.5 days, and I finally had that cheat meal I’ve been waiting for. 3 slices of pizza and a Dairy Queen Chocolate Xtreme Blizzard really hit the spot haha but starting tomorrow I’m back at it with being healthy. But this made me sane and my minds in a good place right now 😁  What’s your go-to “cheat meal”?"	cc
"Anyone else have a hard time connecting with people? I feel like I have a hard time connecting with people. I have a small group of friends that I absolutely connect with but most of the time we are all too busy doing our own thing to talk much anymore. And I have my girlfriend that is my best friend and we connect on every level. But I feel like every other part of my life I have such a hard time actually connecting with people. I’m in college and most of my classmates and I have a lot of similar interests but for some reason it’s just different. I hate to kind of sound like a stuck up asshole but I just feel like there isn’t an intellectual connection with them like I have with the select few people I know. It’s not that their dumb, just not as experienced I guess? They’re all from a small town that they’ve never left, where me and my friends travel a lot and just have more experiences in general. I just feel like I’m a person that likes to be challenged in a relationship and I just don’t find that with most people. This pretty much makes it to where I’m very quite most of the time in class. I’m not shy, I just don’t really have much to say to anyone there. Am I just an asshole? Do I just have some sort of problem where I just can’t connect with people? Have any of you had this problem? "	cc
"I'm hungover (off wine) and bored during my day off work let's chat! Hi! This was fun last night!  I'm a 20 something year old corporate girl who got hotel-wine-drunk while staying overnight waiting for my cancelled flight.  Now I'm in bed, hungover, bored again, and hoping for some conversation!  Whats up?!"	cc
"I revisited my first almost suicide attempt Probably this was the first attempt. I was in 5th grade, so probably I was 9 or 10 years old. I was bunking a class and sitting on the ceiling which was very high (in the school). I don’t remember what I was feeling emotionally at that time but there was a friend sitting with me. I stood up and I was literally gonna jump when a teacher spotted us. We made her believe that we were just messing around. But after the vacations I noticed that all the windows got permanently locked.   I should have done it there and then. It would have saved me a lot of pain. Now I don’t even know how to behave like a normal human being. And everybody anyways think I am weird. The “weird girl with scars”. Mostly that’s my image in school.   I explained my scars to be due to my hand getting stuck between the house dividers cause I was trying to click photos. Not really believable but it does the job to silence others about it."	sw
Why people think suicide is bad? Maybe is the christian view of life who make us think that suicide is bad.  In countries like the netherland euthanasia is legal even if you don't suffer a terminal illnes	sw
"Drained, Sucked, Exhausted: Goodbye I hate my father.  I actually hate my father. I feel like I'm walking on eggshells when I'm around him. Y'know the close intimacy that can only be achieved after years of inhibition and openness? A closeness that you can only attain with the people who raised you?   Yeah, I have a more meaningful connection with the Chinese delivery guy who yells at me for tipping too little.  Being around my father is exhausting. I feel like I'm walking on eggshells or disarming a nuclear power plant.  Small, insignificant things get under his skin. For example, when I was using my phone at the beginning of a move, he screamed, ""SHUT THE HELL UP!"" (this coming from a man who used his laptop all throughout a movie that I begged him not to and had selected after skimming for 2+ hours to find something family oriented and free) And then he proceeded to berate me and call me ""a nightmare.""  For all my faults I'm the farthest thing from a nightmare. As a teenager, I stayed away from sex, drugs, and social media like the plague. I got into good school and managed to snag some scholarships. But of course, they're worthless, seeing as I was rejected from the top tier schools he made me apply to. I'm majoring in comp sci, and he insists on that I switch to ""Computer and Electrical Engineering,"" because of prestige. I lost 70 lbs and he still points out my weight, like I sit on my ass and eat Cheetos 24/7.  In order to make him like me, I don this fake persona. I enjoy Star Wars, plan vacations in Europe, major in STEM. Meanwhile, in my hamster hole, I harbor vivid fantasies of beating the shit out of the man.  I feel so exhausted when I'm around him and it shows. I'm so tired of looking for reasons to stay alive when my dad can just shatter them in seconds. I want to stop living. I feel like a wind-up toy with a broken key. I feel trapped, I'm sorry  I can't  I can't  I'm sorry, I feel so trapped here. I'm trying to reach out and yet I feel so alienated, it's like someone else is typing on the keyboard and I'm just peering in. Please, I need someone to see this, please, anybody, I know I'm not trying to be an attention whore, but please, anybody, please. "	sw
"pub quiz team names! Hi,   I am going to a pub quiz tomorrow and need to think of an amusing team name - any suggestions please shout.  Thanks in advance."	cc
"Has anyone seen Mother! what did you guys think of it? I'm a big fan of horror or psych thrillers and I was pretty excited about this movie, but almost every review I've read said it was disappointing or called it ""torture porn"". What did you guys think of it? Any other movies you'd recommend instead?"	cc
"I am an embarrassment Chances are I am going to be kicked out one of the world's top 10 universities. I already took a year off to get medical attention for my severe sleep problems and chronic headaches, but I couldn't find a solution. I am on benzodiazepinas and they have no effect. I just feel like a useless parasite in a foreign country. I also have autism and no friends and acquired a deep internalised shame due to being treated like trash everywhere I go.  I don't even know how to relieve the headaches since no painkiller works. And because I face this alone I feel that I have no mouth yet I must scream"	sw
"Does music make you feel genuinely good? Ive been listening to the music I listen to (outrun) for probably about 15 months. I just liked the idea behind it, but only recently does some songs/albums make me feel physically happy and I can feel it make me smile. For example I could be feeling pretty bad and then listen to an album and feel so much better.  "	cc
"My Mother said I'm ungrateful and wishes I was never born... Before I start my story, I want to say that I'm not suicidal in any way and wish I never will be, I was recommended this Reddit page by my friend to get help and I'm hoping I'm not breaking any rules.   The story starts off by me waiting for my mother to pick me up from school (Grade 11). She stops by a Walmart before she picks me up so I'm in a grumpy mood because I'm all alone waiting for my mother to pick me up. When she arrives, I tell her what took her so long and clearly she can tell I'm not happy by her actions. But then we go to the store before we arrive home to buy some meat and all goes well. After we arrive home, I go eat some left overs outside because of the nice weather and the nature looked beautiful . At the same time, I'm waiting for my friend to arrive so I can help fix his computer. After 3-4 four hours later after fixing my friends computer, he leaves and then I begin to do my homework (8 o'clock?). Later my Father arrives home and goes to take a shower, he's clearly drunk and is drunk most of the time when he comes home. My mother than calls me to her to room and calls me selfish, a terrible person, child, and wish that I was never born. She tells me these things because I was suppose to finish plowing the field in my backyard for the garden but I told her before hand that I couldn't today. She also tells me this because I didn't tell before hand that my friend would come over (definitely my fault, should of told her beforehand). Generally though, she doesn't get mad if a friend comes over which also blew my mind. After hearing this, I just stand there with my mouth open, feeling a sense of shock from hearing my own mother not wanting me to exist. I don't know how to react to this, even if this just from her anger and she doesn't mean it, I still feel broken and sad from hearing this. May I please get some comments that tell me how to fix this whole in my heart?  "	sw
"I went in to get a new medication from the Alberton's pharmacy, and they gave me a $25 gift card since it was my first time there I used it so I could actually get some food, and have something to eat on the holiday today. It'll be my first one away from home, alone in my dorm, since all my friends and roommate are gone for the holiday.  On top of that, I'm hoping the new meds to help me sleep will actually work, since I was awake more last night than I was asleep. "	cc
"Knife If I stab myself in the stomach with a knife, what are the chances I can be saved with immediate help? Will it hurt?"	sw
"What song are you listening to right now? So its that time of night when I mostly just browse Reddit and listen to whatever music I find on YouTube, which right now happens to be Dancing in the Moonlight by King Harvest. What about you guys?"	cc
"Closer than I've been for a while Hello boyos and girlos, I won't go into it just like I don't irl but I'm closer to killing myself rn than I have been in a longo time due to a very recent incident. I'm not gonna do it, at least atm, but I guess I'm just surprised how quickly the urge finds you after you thought you were clear for years. If this is on the wrong subreddit lemme know and I'll delete and move as appropriate. I don't expect any replies but feel free if you want, I just kinda wanted to get it off of my chest and out of my mind and I don't want to worry any of my friends. Tldr: Fuckin kms but cba"	sw
"Hey there, come brag about something you did recently that makes you proud? 😁 I just (as in I'm still sitting here waiting for my ride) finished another workout at the gym and I could actually do like 30 vertical knee raises!!! Admittedly my form wasn't very good throughout but I felt super at ease lifting my legs when previously I could only do about 5 at most. This makes me realize that eating healthy is probably really important too as I've been meal prepping. Also proud of a bunch of other stuff like I can run for 10 minutes straight now without stopping and I'm slightly more social these days! I'm trying to improve my life and these things probably aren't HUGE deals, but I was really..... not in a good state of mind for a while. Anyway yes I might not do this well all the time, but for right now, can I just say: GO ME!!!  How about you stranger :D come brag a bit because you deserve it!"	cc
"I miss flash games. I play games on my phone a lot. But ""play games"" seems to mean ""play games for a couple of days then delete them"". The only game I've really stuck with on my phone for the past several months is Yu-Gi-Oh Duel Links, which kind of brings me to my problem. On mobile, I see lots of very ""small"" games. Ketchapp's games are a good example of this. They're the sort of thing that make flappy Bird look only slightly uncomplicated. But the graphics are charming, and the gameplay is tight and fun. There were lots of flash games like that. I have fond memories of that game where you drove your armored vehicle around, hit things, then bounced on things. It's hard writing something with examples when you can't even remember their names.   But the other type of mobile game I see is very large games. Maybe not large in terms of complexity; I don't think anyone is going to put their score at Game of War on their résumé, unless they're trying to prove they're already rich and don't need the job they're applying for as some odd negotiation tactic. These games are the ones with timers, energy (although plain old energy seems to kind of be a relic of the days of Facebook games), and Reddit's dreaded in-app purchases. Honestly, I'm not that against in-app purchases. For most games, they really feel like paying for cheat codes which some people are against, but I never used cheat codes outside of the GTA series so it doesn't really affect me too much.   However, these games are kind of infamous for making you want to do well in the game (because, well, that's the point of a game usually) and making that only possible if you can outspend your rivals. But I'm not even going to complain about that. What I'm mad about is that all those games have flooded the market and they're all so similar, competing for your time and money. Even if I had all the time in the world, I only have the patience for one or two of those games. I see all these high download count games and think to myself ""Why are they playing Clash of Warchiefs when they can be playing Battle of Valor?"". But that's what I miss about flash games. There were so many that were right in the middle when it came to how much time they expected from you. Roguelites, RPGs that are short by RPG standards, strategy games, Things that you could play a lot, or just a little of. Of course those still exist on mobile, but a lot of times they cost money (although not really a problem with Google's refund policy) and I have a lot of trouble finding them. With flash games I could just go to the highest rated games on Kongregate, Armor Games and Newgrounds and there's be good stuff.   TL;DR: there are a lot of really small arcade games of mobile and there are a lot of MMO Style Games That demand all your attention. I wish there were more medium sized games like flash games often were.  What do you think about flash games and mobile games?  ... Is that enough for automod?"	cc
"I CANNOT stop ruminating about past humiliations and failures and it's killing me I've always struggled with rumination, I have an inability to just let things go or forget them, but lately it's been ridiculous, they come every 10-20 seconds and I cannot get a moment's reprieve. Every time I start to almost enjoy something my brain creeps in with 'remember that time you humiliated yourself in front of everybody' and the depressive thinking comes right back. I'm not trying to be dramatic, but it feels like my brain is on a mission to make me miserable. I cannot live with this constant 24/7 feeling of embarrassment, humiliation and shame.  "	sw
"I wished I had a gun Here I am, all things ready, the only thing left to do is to get myself on the noose, but I'm a little too afraid to do it  I thought it wouldn't be a problem for me..  I wished I have a gun so it's quicker.."	sw
"What video games have you been playing this week? So CasualConversation, what are the video games you have been playing this week? For me it has been:  Warframe: I am playing this one console. I manage to beat a boss on Mars and currently trying to get the Rhino Warframe.  Jak II: I am starting to play the second game of the Jak and Daxter series. This game is really hard, I am still trying to get used to the controls.  "	cc
"Feel like a failure because I can't get a job. I applied for 15 jobs. I'm 18, no previous experience. It's been 4 months since I started applying and nothing is happening. I'm fixing my resume up, and it's much better than before, but no one is hiring. I feel like a mess up, I can't even get a job at a fast food restaurant. "	sw
"Really bad night I don't have it in me to fight anymore. I don't want to fight anymore. I just want to die. I have a cord around my neck, and i will not stop until I stop breathing "	sw
"Since when did people become so careless and cold... I told you I was suicidal last night...  You were so mean and hurtful in your reply.   What happened to us, i thought we were best friends...."	sw
"There's no other way out There is something wrong with me and nobody can tell me otherwise. My relationship of 10 months with the love of my life is crumbling, his dad passed two weeks ago and was sick for two months beforehand, and his anxiety is taking over his life. I haven't seen him since the funeral 2 weeks ago and when we do call or text I walk on eggshells because I never know what I might say will set him off. I can't do anything to help him, even just existing makes it worse for him. I am useless. I can't express my suicidal feelings because nothing could compare to what he's going through. He says he isn't sure he can continue our relationship because I've become a trigger point for his anxiety, even just me calling him yesterday to ask if I could stop by to see him and his family on Easter was enough to set him off. I'm a toxic presence without even meaning to be, it's just who I am.   But I am not ready to lose him, I can't go through another breakup that I did not want. I can't be abandoned again. I can't explain to people again that he left. I can't be faced with people's sympathy and empty ""well fuck him, you deserve better!""'s when I know that I don't. I can't dodge reminders of him again and try to suppress happy memories with him, because remembering the good times hurts so bad.  And by ""again"" I mean I've done this before - I've been left before. Again by someone I truly loved and was so happy with, and it came out of nowhere, he blind-sighted me. I still don't know why he left to this day. But obviously it was something irreparably wrong with me. It look a full year for me to feel just OK. At the time, I thought it was the worst thing that could and would ever happen to me. But I was wrong, the worst thing would be to have to re-live it. Because at least with the first go-round, there was hope that something good would present itself to me after the heartbreak I'd endured.  And it did, but now the cycle is happening again. And I have no hope that if he leaves me, I'll be OK. I won't be. Because now I know I am worthless, useless, a burden. I know now that it really is me, not them. Nobody will ever truly love me, maybe I could find love again, but I know it would end just the same way. I can't do this again. I won't. If I lose him, I will end it.  He was the only thing driving my life forward. We had plans, to get married, to buy a house, he was living with me. If that gets pulled out from under me I have nothing to look forward to but the whole thing happening over again with some other poor soul.   I have friends, but two of my closest ones moved away this year for their master's degrees and will likely stay there. They are happy and have their whole lives ahead of them, I do nothing for them but bring them down. I like my job but I don't make enough money to have a very bright future, I only make enough to live. My debt is years if not decades away from being paid off. The only thing I would ever consider staying for is my family, it would devastate them and I love them dearly, but they too will be gone one day, and even now I can't keep burdening them, showing up at their house in tears and having them console me week after week. It would be fairer to them for me to leave.  What a testament it is to my weakness and uselessness that I can't even deal with the thought of this breakup without feeling suicidal; I can't even wait to see if it actually happens. If he stays with me, I don't deserve it. "	sw
"I'm a white girl in my 30s with so many loving and supportive friends but I don't want to live. I hate myself and I hate my life. Nothing is working out for me. I've lost all motivation to look for new, fulfilling work, I'm no longer interested in the things I once enjoyed, I can't commit to plans with friends, and I actively avoid them. If there's a knock on my door I freeze and wait for them to go away. Many of my friends are neighbors in my apartment building, so I move around the house silently. I ignore their texts to talk and their offers to take me out to dinner.  Every day I wake up and make coffee and drink it out of a beautiful ceramic. It's the happiest moment in my day.  All downhill from there. To pass the time I sleep or take several baths. I used to read or do household projects but I no longer have the focus or energy.   I cry all throughout the day. Little things set me off. That's one reason I can no longer be around friends.   When night rolls around and I hear people home from work, chatting with their partners about their day, making dinner, being together and seeming content and happy, it hurts and I feel like something else. Not a normal person. Not a healthy person. This is when I obliviate myself with weed and try to go to bed at 7pm. Or 6 or 5.  Weekends are even worse.   I don't want to kill myself. I want to die. I want to cease to exist. I want to become terminally ill so no one will blame me.  I don't think I would (or at least anytime soon) take real action against my life because I have a mother. I think if I didn't have a mother I could take my life.   The only person I have talked with about suicide is my boyfriend because to him I can be my worst self. He calls me a baby or a pussy and tells me to quit being pathetic. (Anyone else getting that response from their partner?)   I have taken action in finding a therapist and have jumped through the hoops of the intake process and am still waiting for a response after 3 weeks.  I feel for everyone in this group, especially the really young people. It is so hard to be a human. I'm here to chat...  "	sw
"What are your favorite podcasts to listen to and why? I am trying to find more podcasts that I can listen to. I already watch Astronomy Cast and Stuff You Missed in History Class. I want to find more podcasts about those subjects, but I also want to expand my horizons so I am willing to check out pretty much anything. "	cc
"Can’t hold on much longer I feel like I’m about to break. I’ve held on for so many nights I didn’t expect to make it through. It hurts so much that it feels like my heart will explode. About 6 months ago I was diagnosed with CPTSD. It’s been a lot of ups and downs. The past month has been the lowest I’ve felt and it feels like any progress I made has disappeared.    I have a boyfriend of almost a year. He was the one keeping me strong. He got me help. He stayed up with me every night through horrible flashbacks and pain. He kept me looking at the future. But I had a panic attack which caused a fight a week ago. We have barely spoken since then. I’ve tried to stay strong all alone and take it one day at a time, but my strength is wearing out and I can’t bother him with how I feel. I have friends but none that I’m close to anymore, none that I could talk to. I’m all alone and the waves of hurt I feel inside are so intense and I just can’t see through it to know if it will ever get better because I can’t take it anymore. "	sw
"Being just a place holder at work - how to deal? So I started this new job in June last year. I was very excited since it is with a bigger company (20-times more employees than in the job before) and I was promised some major tasks. But from my first day onwards somehow everything went wrong. It wasn't clear in my department what my tasks should be, so I discussed it again with my superior and we came to a common solution. During the next 4 weeks I was busy with trainings (which I had to organise by myself) and afterwards I just sat around. There was a lot of restructuring going on in my and other departments and somehow I slipped through the grid. Since January I have a new supervisor in this new organisational structure and I should work. But I'm so used to not being seen and not working that I'm just a place holder in this office chair.  I can't seem to get back into a working routine and am very nervous that very soon people will notice and I will be getting fired.   Has anyone else ever experienced such a long time of not being required to work because nobody knew what to do with you? And how did you switch out of it again? I know this might sound like a situation many people dream about - not working and still getting fully paid. But honestly I feel like getting dumber and dumber every day and my overall selfworth is completely crushed. So if anyone has similar experiences, please share."	cc
"Do you ever not go to class because you’re too tired? I’m sitting on my bed when I should be walking to class. It’s been an exhausting week and I don’t have the energy to walk 20 minutes to class. I’m not sick, just tired.   This is the first time this academic year where I just can’t seem to get myself to go. I kinda feel guilty about it. I’ll have to leave eventually for a class to turn in an assignment, but I’ll probably end up skiving off my first two lectures of the day.   Also I woke up in the middle of the night because the ground was shaking. I went back to bed shortly after. It’s casual, though.   "	cc
"My mom always tells me that i am a disappointment and useless I am a 20 year old female living in india. My mom from my chidhood always compares me with my friends and relatives and always says how ugly i look. I have low self esteem and low confidence from my childhood and no matter how many times i build my confidence and self esteem, she always break me down and pushes me to depression again. I am always trying to be optimistic but most of the time it's not working. I have no fear of public speaking before but i feel too insecure now a days and i am scared to even go out of my house. I have a habit of comparing myself to others i don't know how to stop it.   I am a very average student in education.when i finished my higher education(i was so naive and stupid), i wanted to take nutrition and dietitics course but she blacked mailed me and made me choose biotechnology and now i can't even shift my career. It really makes me feel low. Recently i failed in my entrance for post graduation(believe me she always don't let me study in home, she always disturbs me and makes sure i am not studying) and made some mistakes in joining another college, so i took a year break. I got hypothyroidism(i got it because of my excessive stress and depression) (i always study while she is sleeping at night)  which made me gain some weight and she calls me fat now and seborrhic dermatitis because of this my hair looks bad and she mocks me for that too. But when i confront her saying this, she tells me she loves me(does she really love me?).  I don't have any friends too and i have serious trust issues because of my childhood sexual abuse by a person i called brother near my house. I overcame depression caused by that by alone but now a days it's so hard and i feel too impure and ugly.  She considers me as burden and asks me get married and go away(arrange marraige) but i don't want to marry. I even tried to commit suicide at one point but something made me stop, then i realized i am a coward in dying too.   My father is good to me but i don't think he is good to my mother in their days of early marraige but now he is fine , the only reason i live is him but i can't share these things with him, i am scared he will end up hating me. I am sure i won't share these with my dad because my moom is rude to my dad too and i know their marraige is a failure. Both of them don't like each other, but for the sake of society they are staying together.  I just don't know how to end my life, it's hell everyday. Moving out is not possible in my country. Did anyone experienced situation like mine and fortunately overcome it? Please help me. "	sw
Holy fuck trying to fall asleep is the worst Throughout the day I maybe have one or so ideation. But holy fuck when I try to sleep it's constant new ideation and repeating on different ways to where I actually might turn permanent mute on....	sw
I try so hard to make myself believe that people hate me that I wear myself out trying to make them like me. 	sw
"What should I do with this landlord Hi everyone,   My girlfriend is currently live in Copenhagen and she is renting a room in the apartment. It's a 2-bedroom apartment with 2 tenants renting them, so it's like a shared apartment.   The thing is that her landlord, not only often, but always sleeps there, sometimes on the couch or in the other tenant's bedroom. (My girlfriend has a smaller bedroom)  This is not all. Lately, the landlord (who is a transgender, by the way, but I don't want to make this about gender orientation) always has her friends over. On a normal afternoon, they always talk so loudly. Sometimes, they even went out together and came back drunk and continued partying at 3-4 in the morning. Also, they eat anything that's in the fridge. Well, the landlord sometimes cooks for everyone in the apartment. But when she share her stuffs doesn't mean that she could go ahead and use whatever that belongs to other people, right?  One other thing is about the privacy. Opening the doors without knocking is a normal situation in this apartment. From middle to the end of March, my girlfriend came to Germany to visit me. After she went back, she noticed that her stuffs, e.g. water filter, face cleanser, went missing from her room, and appeared in the living room which is a shared area.   Well, the good thing is that my girlfriend is moving out at the end of this month."	cc
Help me die I cant take it annymore im super depressed crying as i'm writing. im only alive cuz i dont have the balls to kill myself. Please help me get courage to kill myself please i beg you all.	sw
it’s been less than a month since my last attempt and i just want to try again  and hopefully this time succeed   i don’t know what to do when i’m feeling like this because it never feels like i’m ever going to get the help i need and i’m never going to get better 	sw
"For any singers out there, what’s your voice part? And have you ever wanted to be another? I’m an alto, and I love being one. But sometimes I wish I could sing higher up in my range more often. I have a pretty wide range for my age, and I can sing soprano notes and whatnot, but I think I just kind of sound better lower in my range.  "	cc
I just can't handle it anymore I hate being in a college that I hate I hate that I failed two years all my friends graduated IAM the only one stuck there I wish I had the money I would get into the college that I want I would leave the house of my parents so I wouldn't hear a negtaive words from them and thier relatives to how IAM a failure and has no future I don't even know if I will graduate this year IAM hopless I can't fight anymore IAM already tired to the bones I imagine my ex friends and my family and what they will say when I fail again should I kill my self or what 	sw
"“Hump” Day I don’t understand why everyone became so enthused about calling Wednesday “Hump Day”. Not only that, but I just don’t care for it. Anyone else feel the same? "	cc
what should i do... so lately (last 8 months) i have been very depressed/stressed because of a couple of reasons... besides depression i have been developing a tinitus thats making my depression way worse... normally i would just think for a moment or listen to music to release my stress for a while. now i am not able to do that anymore without getting crazy from that stupid hissing. i think i am done with all of this i just want to leave or be relieved... i just dont know how. the only solution i can think of is of ending my life. i just cant think straight......	sw
Should i disclose to parents that i have social anxiety disorder?? My parents are worried about my behavior and continuously asking the reason of tension/depression. Will they understand what is social anxiety? . Ultimately sure they will try to convince me to get out of this and what more will happen. I know its not their fault. Actually i have this disorder from childhood  but never realized before entering into the corporate world for job. I really don't know what to do next. I am so much tired that i want to get out of this disorder without doing anything and i know very well no miracle will happen. Badly stuck in this bull shit situation. 	sw
"Any hoodie-lovers out there find it hard to wear sweaters with no hood? I hope I’m not the only one, but I find it kinda difficult to get myself to wear a basic sweater. I usually wear pullover hoodies or if it’s really cold, a coat with a hood. But I seldom go outside without a hood. A hood is like a mooring for me; kinda makes me feel safe. What if it rains? Bad hair day? Ears feel cold? Mood swing and I don’t feel like talking to anybody?   It really sucks because I want to wear regular sweaters with no hood. I feel like it makes me look a little cleaner. I’ve worn a sweater and hat before, but it just doesn’t feel the same. Can anyone else relate?"	cc
"Tried but failed I have tried numerous times to end this now pointless life and have failed every time and can add suicide to the things I'm terrible at. Even using fentanyl, sleeping pills, muscle relaxers, methadone and whiskey all at the same time didnt work. I'm not exactly sure how people OD on opioids when I have taken so much and woke up with nothing more than confusion, disappointment and a stomach ache. There is no purpose left. Everyday is so lonely and filled with constant physical pain from a fractured spine and a painful nerve disease. Not sure why I'm here anymore. Contemplating trying a different technique seeing pills don't work. "	sw
"Feeling trapped (please read) I feel trapped and alone 24/7 and I have been feeling like this for months and I feel like every One around ME has a better life . Suicide seems like the way out and I feel like killing myself after my parents go , I haven't eaten properly for like days and I feel like I'll collapse ... everything hurts and I can't seem to get out of bed , I'm 14 and female and I've been going counselling how can I tell my councellor about this ? 💕 I need help because I don't think life is worth living anymore I can't concentrate on my studies and I hate living in the uk and I hate my school with a passion... My friends  most of them are temporary and my parents forbid me from doing after school activities,  I wish that Iget hit by a car or something , I wish I die... i feel suicidal every day and I want to kill myself , child line and suicide prevention lines do jack shit ...  I have a feeling that I should just end my life now before something happens that I end up regretting.  💕 sincerely someone in need..."	sw
I can’t live without her Idk wat to do without her she dose the love me anymore idk why and I can’t live help wat to do	sw
"Tired of how my friends can recklessly spend their money but not the same for me An episode of Friends perfectly summed it up, how certain friends in the group have a lot more money to spend than others and then they’d like to do lots of expensive activities and when me and my other friend can’t afford it, they donate money or buy me the ticket and it feels like charity. Things like fair tickets, bowling, and paint ball all usually cost $40-60 and I don’t have that kinda money. My situation is that I’m 14 and I can’t get a job or an allowance. My moms been super stressed lately and asking for a $60 fair ticket really makes it worse, I feel horrible asking my mom for double digit money numbers after she’s worked a 12 hour shift and has come home tired and sad. My mom has the money but I hate asking for it, makes me feel spoiled and bratty. Another example is Fortnite, all my friends and me play it and I haven’t spent a dime on it meanwhile my friends have all the skins and emotes, ect....  They’re always picking on me how I have nothing. My friends think I’m dirt poor which I’m not, I just don’t like asking for all this money, which isn’t really going towards the most necessary thing in the world. My friends are like “Hey man I can give you $3, I really hope you can get $2 from somewhere” And “Why don’t you have any Fortnite skins?” “is it because you can’t afford it? I know they’re just trying to be nice, but’s it’s humiliating and it’s charity, and it’s not even the truth!! I’m not poor at all. "	cc
"What do you think of the ending for A Quiet Place? Me and my older sister went and see it yesterday and I loved it, and I think the ending was insane (good kind), but she said that she didn't like it. Does anyone else feel that way?"	cc
"I think about life and I think about death... ...and neither one particularly appeals to me. I’m so tired. I’m so, so tired. Tired of being a burden. Tired of the panic. Tired of myself and my broken brain. I wish I had the strength or the courage to just say good night. I can’t do this anymore. I can’t do anything anymore."	sw
"I came to the realization everything in our world is made by a person just like you and me... ...and there is no stopping you from creating something better. I pretty much just got berated in an email exchange while inquiring about a job. Yesterday, i approached a group of people (i knew a girl in the group who i liked), they were most certainly not friendly to my clumsy approach. Overheard them talking shit about me later on. Long ago, that would have bothered me hugely. I would have questioned all of my relationships with people and doubted my social skills or picked out some flaw in myself to obsess over. Now... i just don't care. I took a chance to do something, some people laughed at me. Well shit, i'm still alive. That was fun, felt a bit of adrenaline. Being talked about is better than not being talked about.  Who says you can't be driven, ambitious, confident or smart? You might have gaps in your experience or knowledge of something but nobody was born a damn genius. As far as i'm concerned, having a negative perception of your abilities, what you cannot do is only going to reinforce the belief you cannot do that thing and stop you from practicing to improve. Innate talent is a bullshit abstraction created by mainstream society and media to make you feel worthless and bad about yourself.   So what if you fail?  I suppose it's more about the journey and the experiences that your ventures give you. You as a person are worth more than material possessions or arbitrary status. Frankly, everybody is going to die tbh  Why not do something crazy? Scared of roller-coasters? I'll be damned if that stops me. Go to a theme park right now, find the most thrilling unbelievably scary coaster and ride that bastard 30 times in a row.  You don't exist to impress somebody else. Not your parents, not your closest friends, not your partner. You're not a failure at life, until you call yourself a failure YOLO "	cc
"I’m happy. Today I took a big step for myself. For a number of reasons, I’ve never felt like me with the name I was born with, but I was always too terrified to tell my father I intended to legally change it. That’s always been my problem, I probably got it from my mother - she’s the same way; we’re far too worried about the happiness of those around us and never worried enough about our own. But today I did it. I confronted my dad and told him about my intentions to do so and it actually went well. We’ve never really had a great relationship so I was scared he’d freak out a bit, after all identity is something that is still confusing for a lot of people, especially the older generations.  For once in a very long time, I’m happy with who I am and I’m very excited to know that in a little around a months time, I’ll finally be who I’ve always been.  😁"	cc
"Anybody want to talk about musicals with me? I love musicals. Unfortunately, the people around me do not so It’s not a topic that gets brought up often (or at all). I thought this would be a good place to try."	cc
"Pick a song that describes your current mood You can describe your choice if you want.  [Here's mine.](https://youtu.be/xbmC4z6GDKI)  I discovered this song's album a few days ago and it strongly resonated with me. The choppy, distorted vocals and lack of structure make it feel like a reflection of the place I am in my life."	cc
"just found out my ex is with another girl my ex and i broke up months ago. i have borderline personality disorder and became extremely attached and dependent on him. i’m the one who fucked up our relationship. i know it’s better in the long run for us to be apart but i am still so deeply deeply in love with him. i would do almost anything to have him back. i’ve attempted suicide 6 times already and i think about trying again every single day. now that i know about this i don’t think i’ll be able to make it through the night even.  he is still a part of my life. he is my best, closest friend. actually, he’s my only friend. a couple years back i tried to kill myself and was in the hospital for a couple weeks in psych. i told a close friend of mine because she wanted to know why i was gone for so long. she ended up telling others stuff like i’m crazy, i was in a mental hospital because i’m psycho, etc. rumors spread and slowly all of my friends stopped talking to me. even some teachers began to avoid me.  my ex is the only person i have left. he is the only one who texts me and hangs out with me. i do not have anyone else. i can’t cut contact with him because i will be completely alone. i have my family but they don’t really understand me.  i never thought it was even possible to be in this much pain. the thought of him with someone else instantly brings me to tears. i am sobbing as i type this.   please don’t tell me that i should tell him how i feel or any of that because i have plenty of times. please don’t tell me to seek professional help either as i am already seeing a therapist and a case manager weekly, and i am also on meds. i’m not completely sure why i’m posting here. i guess i’m just desperate for anything...advice, comfort, sympathy, a friend, etc....anything that could possibly make my pain a little more bearable."	sw
"I really wish exiting this world wouldn’t leave my family devastated and traumatized I’m very tired of my mental illness, it is very hard to live with. I feel like if I explained my reasons well enough in a note or vlog my loved ones might find peace from it. At least I’d hope they could. That’s the only thing that’s kept me from leaving is the horror ppl in my life would feel. Anyways what do you think, anyone experienced losing a loved one to suicide? What could they have done better/different to ease the pain? Ps~ no I don’t want to discuss what I’m going through and no I’m not looking for therapy. Thanks "	sw
"A rant about what a miserable little shit I am. Time drags on forever. I feel dead inside and nothing besides something visceral, like food and masturbation, brings true joy to me. My only parent doesn't understand me and believes I'm just spoiled and that's the internet's fault somehow (that's common for people raised in USSR — they treat everone younger and their problems as soft and spoiled). My psychiatrist believes that depression is a teenage fad. I haven't made any friends since I was 12, and it was the only close friend I've ever had. We're parted now. I am truly alone. Entrusive thoughts about self-harm and suicide make cold run down my limbs.  I dream of going somewhere like Iceland, a remote small country where everyone knows each other, but I can't make myself work for it. I have no power left to do anything meaningful, I abandoned my studies and barely go to classes. I would love to hear anything in response, but I know that won't change anything for me, I act like I have no future."	sw
"Do you people expect others ('to-be-friends' in general) to show same level of empathy as you would show for them? I was having this discussion with my therapist the other day, where I said that I choose my friends based on the fact whether they would care for me as much as I care for them. If yes, then we turn out to be really good (and close) friends, or else I let them go (basically 'ghost' them) for not suffering the pain in the long run (although letting them go is really agonizing, but only in the short run).   The result of this is that I have had very few, but close friends throughout my life's journey so far. And now I have moved to a different place, and am having a hard time finding people by following my original philosophy.  I wanted your opinion on this. What do you do to decide whether a person is worth keeping friendship with or not? And if it is wrong to anticipate the same level of empathy from them, as you would show?"	cc
"So, what are you going to do differently with your kids, when you have them, than your parents did with you? A classic question that has been asked throughout generations, and to get a little more specific and timely, How are you going to limit ""screen time,"" or at least take control of parental management of all kinds of electronic input and output."	cc
"So Lonely and Losing Control I've suffered with mental health issues for approx 16/17 years but it's usually stable. These last three weeks I feel I've lost control.   I have no friends so no one to talk to which adds into the depression.   I'm so utterly alone right now. These last three weeks my depression has hit like a brick wall. I'm sweaty, dizzy, stomach churning, can't think straight and constantly wishing I wasn't here and always considering self harm. Thats's not something I've really had before.   I'm so scared right now and can't see a way to begin to get out of this and can't even see that I will get out.   Please, anyone, help."	sw
"Ok, whose in the wrong here, in terms of logical and technical understanding, me or my mother? [Dishwasher] Ok, there are several programms/options a dishwasher has.  The key points in our discussion were: Engery expenditure (which results in costs/money) and time.  I explained my mother that just because you let a programm run the default time it needs, doesn't mean you are paying much more than if you would choose the ""shorten time"" option. That the contrary is actually the case. I presented her the following analogy:  ""Ok mom, imagine you go to Mrs. X to clean her place."" ""She asks you to be finished in one hour instead of the usual three. ""So to achieve the same results, your energy expenditure has to go up, much more than it would have during the regular three hours.""  She replied, ""I understand your point but it's a bit different with dishwasher"". She basically thinks that I misunderstood something. Anyway I replied ""Yes it is different, it depends on the programm, because each programm is intended to clean a different amount and type of dishes, however within the same programm, shortening the time does not reduce the energy expenditure and therefore not the costs."" "	cc
"I think the rain clouds are going away I had a very awkward conversation with my mom in which I came clean. I mentioned my suicidal thoughts and issues with self-esteem as well as the child abuse I’ve suffered.  I went to see a psychiatrist and I have more appointments soon. I’ve been prescribed faverin and I’m feeling hopeful. If it weren’t for my friends and close family I would’ve killed myself a very long time ago. Maybe I can repay them later?  I’ll never leave this sub even if I finally become happy. No one deserves the rain clouds. If you are able to, please see a psychiatrist or therapist. No hesitation. Peace y’all ✌️"	sw
"Back after a period of bliss I've had suicide dreams the whole of December and most of January and I was really to fulfilling but then I met a girl with whom I could forget all of that. Long story short she had a boyfriend, they broke up, we did a lot together, I confessed my feelings, she told she wasn't ready yet but I would deserve her loving me, she falls a longtime friend of hers and they get together.  This wouldn't put me back into not knowing what to do with my live anymore, even though it was a hard hit on me. I reacted poorly and she once told me that wanted to distance herself from me during her last relationship because she thought I was disrupting her relationship (thinking of me while cuddling with her bf etc.), but i was to important to her. Now she told I should keep myself away from and she doesn't answer my texts anymore.  This put me over the edge and I just don't know what to do and am thinking about suicide all the time again and can't sleep anymore.  I know this isn't something special and probably sounds too ordinary and angsty but I don't know where to go with it."	sw
"I am running for student senate president at my college and nobody is telling me who is running against me... Hello, as the title states, I am running for student senate president at my college and applications have been turned in and an advisor for student senate told me there is another person running against me but refused to tell me who... I just think that it's weird that it isn't public knowledge of who is running. To be honest I am a little worried if it is an athlete because the majority of students that go to my college are athletes and I feel like they could get the majority vote.   I am campaigning myself and have asked around and nobody knows who the opponent is. I will try my hardest to push my vision and make friends with fellow students but to be honest my anxiety of an unknown opponent is giving me stress :P What do you think?"	cc
"I'm pretty sure I'm done My biological father who has full custody of me, has decided to stop letting me see my sister, and it's broken me.  I've lost interest in school, slowly but surely, and now I've given up on work as well. I'm genuinely considering quitting, which my friends are trying to reassure me that it's okay to quit since I'm dealing with all these problems at home, but I feel like my progress in starting to live a normal life despite my mental illnesses will be completely erased if I quit. Working almost a month at my first job and then quitting after a streak of missing 3 days counting today if I call in, doesn't look good on a resume. So basically, when I do actually NEED to get a job, I'll be starting over and it'll be like this month of working won't mean anything.  It just feels like school is unimportant now. And my life is basically over anyway, what's the point in trying?  Am I justified to call in today at work? I literally have been failing to do anything productive all day at school, yet I dread going home to my father, so I'm basically just trapped in a situation I've given up on.  It feels like I'm expected to stay at this job for a long time, and like I'll be letting everyone who's proud of me for getting a job down if I quit this early.   I don't even knwo how to quit, and it feels like a personal thing to have to tell my boss I'm quitting after a pathetic month of working 3 days a week for 4 hours each time.  I feel so weak and hopeless, I don't know what to do anymore. I want to die."	sw
I got a job as a security guard. I am 24 and I just got my first job. I will be a unarmed security guard. My first duty will probably be to watch a election trailer in the evenings. I would like to know if anyone here has ever been a unarmed/armed security guard to share their experiences. What was your job like? What are your recommendations to make the job less boring?	cc
How do I commit suicide? I’m looking for a way that won’t be messy or painful. 	sw
I'm going to commit suicide tommorow. There's nothing stopping me. If you call the cops I will just go when I get out of the psyche ward.  The reason why I'm commiting suicide really isn't selfish or anything. I'm just in a lot of pain. I was hit by a car 7 yrs ago and havent been the same since. My head always hurts. Like a lot. Its so bad theres no relief in sight. I really don't know what has prevented me from commiting suicide till now. I wanted to before but was too scared. But now I have nothing to lose no family no friends no opportunity to ger better. I've tried it all and meds only make things worse. The times I'm not in pain my head just feels empty. Its unbearable and AlI cant function. I just lay around all day like a vegetable pushing through the pain. I sometimes have bad panic attacks or bad pain throughout the body I think its a type of fibromyalgia. I cant even watcha movie in piece. I always feel rushed and even this message I don't even know what ai wrote I just have a short attention span. I most likely have some sort of brain damage. If its any comfort I'm dying from hep c ina year anyways so I'm saving me the pain. I'm just writing it here because I know my parents will send me to a psyche ward where ill be put on meds that make the pain worse. If you do call the cops ill definately do it. Ill probably be a pusyy and sis out since i fear the pills will just add to the damage and inwont die. Like I don't even want to die. I love life and being with people and my parents and friends.what I can't support is the constant pain and the leech to society I've become. There's no hope for me. Like seriously I've tried it all. I can keep on living but its jo lofe to live.	sw
"I am tired of hurting myself and everyone around me. I can’t live with myself anymore I (20f) have hurt so many people I care about. I binge drink about once a week and every time I do, I take it too far and cause damage to myself and everyone around me. my family and friends are so disappointed in me, and I am too. I don’t know who I am when I look in the mirror. I go through life in a fog, nothing feels real and everything seems so pointless and it’s been this way since I was about 12. I attempted suicide twice when I was 13. I went to the psych ward and they didn’t help me at all. They didn’t care. I didn’t see one single therapist while I was there, just a doctor who kept asking me the same painful questions and was very rude. I can’t keep a job because my anxiety hinders me from going out into the real world and being normal. I’m toxic. I neglect myself and the people I love. I’m selfish and a liar and I don’t know who I am anymore. I just want to go to sleep and not wake up and finally be at peace. I feel like I’m drowning every single day and I can’t stop being toxic. I want to try to change so bad but every time I try i get knocked down even harder and I feel so weak. I can’t bring myself to even do the fucking dishes. I used to take care of myself but I have gained 50 pounds and I have worn sweatpants and baggy t shirts for two years. My boyfriend hates that I can’t take care of myself and he is tired of taking care of me. I don’t blame him. I’ve pushed everyone out of my life. My friends and family are tired of me fucking up. I’m just a fuck up and I haven’t been happy since I was a child. I’m just so tired. I’m so fucking tired. "	sw
Tell me something positive Reddit! I had a rough morning and shift at work to sum it up. The day is still young and Im so drain so I need some good vibes. Tell me something awesome that happen or anything else you wanna share!	cc
I can't handle life. I'm not capable of holding a job. Whats the point in living as a homeless person I cant fucking do it. I'm too retarded to work fast enough to keep a job. I'll never be able to live on my ow nand my parents baout to give me the boot. I have no future I should just eat shit and die	sw
"This is my final post (#88) After some serious thought I have come to the conclusion that this is going to be my last of my daily posts. Please don’t try to convince me otherwise. Reality has set in that there is no way I can actually make it all the way through the rest of the year doing this. I know this will upset some people, but I think this is for the best. Let’s not start a pity party though, we’ve had a pretty good run.  For the past three full months I’ve worked hard at writing these posts daily. Only two other people are noted on the wiki page as common contributors for our daily contributions to this subreddit. Over time I’m sure someone else will come along and do something similar to what I’ve been doing. Look out for some occasional posts by me in the future, because it is hard for me to part with you all entirely. Sorry to those of you who really enjoyed these, we can still keep in touch.  ^^^^^^^^^^.  ^^^^^^^^^^^Now ^^^^^^^^^^^read ^^^^^^^^^^^the ^^^^^^^^^^^first ^^^^^^^^^^^letter ^^^^^^^^^^^of ^^^^^^^^^^^every ^^^^^^^^^^^sentence ^^^^^^^^^^^;)"	cc
"Fed Up Is it even worth trying? I can't even do anything right anyway, and I can't find joy in anything I do anymore. I'm not going to bother reiterating everything in this post, if you feel like reading walls of text just look at my post history. Maybe then you'll understand why I need to do this.  I've lost my mind, and I can't keep going anymore. I'm just sick of the false hope, all the rejection and failure. No one wants me around anyway, I don't have friends, a girlfriend, or a job worth having. Really, the only thing I truly want is the latter, as I gave up caring about the other two things years ago. Fuck having friends, and women don't want me anyway so there's no point in pursuing a relationship. At least with a job, I could afford to support my hobbies, but I can't even have that so I can't even have the tiniest morsel of happiness. That's not a life worth living. "	sw
"How did you meet the love of your life and when did you know? My favorite question(s) to ask people has/have always been “how did you meet your significant other” and “what was your first date”. I love hearing the answers and even the simple things turn romantic when you know the couple has been together for years. For example; my parents first date was at TacoBell and they were set up by my moms best friend that happened to work with my dad. My grandparents on one side had their first date at a restaurant in town where my grandmother ate pizza for the first time in her life (she’d never heard of it until that date and was mad my grandpa only ordered “something for him, I was hungry too”). My other grandparents used to ride the bus to school together every day from kindergarten through high school. So please, tell me your stories! "	cc
"Living for others I feel like the only reason I'm alive is because other people are depending on me.  If I didn't have those people, I would have probably jumped in front of a train or blown my head off.  But now, I feel like I'm losing all meaning.  Even the thought of living for the people that say they care about me doesn't have the same weight.  I'm a 19 year old ugly loser with no meaning in life.  I just want to be happy, that's it.  I would chop off both my legs if I could just be happy, but it doesn't work like that.  My ex was right, I'm a loser that doesn't deserve anything I have.  I really would be better of dead.  I'm gonna go sit by the train tracks and decide if I want to live or not."	sw
"Something my friend said made me more suicidal than normal My friend, who knows I'm suicidal and depressed, I regret telling him, he still makes fun of me even though he knows, he still makes me feel like I'm just a bother for everyone and it wouldn't matter if I was gone, we were at lunch, I gave him a snack because I wasn't interested in it and I'm a fatass who needs to loose weight, and when he was done, my other friend said that he used to be fat and lost weight because he started playing basketball (He wasn't talking in reference to me, someone just showed him an old pic of himself), my friend said to me, ""You should play basketball"" I said ""no thanks"" then he said, ""How about you take this wrapper and throw it out, walking makes you burn calories"" he said that in a mean kind of tone, just hearing those words makes me want to take my self-harm tool, and aim for my femoral or carotid artery and bleed out. "	sw
I feel so empty all of the time I just feel like my life has amounted to nothing and I haven't achieved anything. I'm just treading water all of the time.	sw
"Fiancée is working late, housesitting an awesome house, drinking some beer and playing some games, what’s good? My friend has gone to New Zealand for 10 weeks and asked us too house sit for him and look after his chickens. Ive split some wood for the fire, washed up from my lunch dishes and about to jump in the shower then I’ll be cracking a cold one and playing some games.  Maybe Horizon, maybe some Zelda, maybe some Pubg! Anyone else just chilling out?"	cc
"And now suicide seems like a great fucking idea once again. I feel like the dumbest motherfucker in the world right now(For being interested in a soon-to-be dead fucking nation such as Japan),  And if you shot me in the head for being a fucking weeaboo,I'd fucking deserve it for being such a fucking dumbass.  And now,suicide seems good right now again.  Fuck this damn life of mine.  Again,I wish it wasn't so fucking hard."	sw
"Best instrumental game/tv show soundtracks/songs? I'd love to hear your suggestions. To star off I'll recommend everything by Yoko Shimomura, especially the final boss battle themes from all of the Mario and Luigi RPGs.   I'll also recommend the FURI soundtrack. It's great.    EDIT: How could I forget the DEADBOLT soundtrack. In my opinion the most chill soundtrack ever. By the same guy who did the Risk of Rain soundtrack. "	cc
"I gave up Reddit for Lent, and this is what I learned For the last couple years or so, I've been active on Reddit almost every day. Gradually, Reddit became the only thing I did for fun on my phone. I've never been that into games, and I've abandoned most other social apps. And I don't regret that. Reddit is awesome. But it became a source of daily comfort for me, and therefore when it came time to give something up for Lent, it just made sense. My wife and I aren't particularly religious, but we decided to do Lent this year as an exercise in self control. So I deleted the Reddit app off my phone and removed it from my Chrome bookmarks, and beyond a thread popping up in the odd Google search, I haven't read a word of Reddit content for the last 47 days. And here is what the experience has taught me:  1. Facebook is a BUMMER. If you want to be pissed off at the world, irritated at people you like, and annoyed by irrelevant ads, go to Facebook. But without Reddit to kill those small increments of time we spend waiting for things, I turned to this old standby. Facebook has sucked for a long time, but I keep it for other people's sake. Most of the older generation of my family can barely stomach the idea of Facebook, and to them switching to something else is about like switching from cars to rocket ships as their primary means of transportation. They had a hard enough time switching to Facebook from their hand-written address books. I love these people, and I want to stay in touch with them, and I cannot in good conscience ask them to abandon the fragile comfort they've found in the digital age. So when it comes to sharing pics and videos of my daughter, a private Facebook group allows everyone to participate. But for me, as a way of killing 5-10 minutes, Facebook is about equal to self-flagellation.  2. I miss reading books. Without social media to kill time, I turned to ebooks. I discovered that Google's Play Books app is actually really powerful, and the Play Store has a huge library of classic books for bargain prices. I stocked up on a bunch of bucket list items, and even dove into a few heady volumes that have been on my shelves for a while. For the first time in years, I'm actively reading 5 books. I've always been one of those multiple-books-at-once people, but in the past couple years Reddit usurped that reading time. I like to have different books for different reading spots: one for each bathroom in my house, and one for bedtime. And I like to have different ebooks for different spans of time. If I have 5 minutes to kill, I'll page through a comic book. If I have an hour or more, I'll read Plato or Proust. Over the last 47 days I've rediscovered my interest in reading, and I was surprised to find I didn't miss the stuff I read on Reddit at all. Which leads me to the next thing I learned.  3. What I miss about Reddit is having a place to post things. I'm not particularly witty, and I don't really have a strong need for attention, but every now and then I will happen to come up with a meme, or shower thought, or discussion topic that my Facebook friends might not get, but that the wider internet would probably like. And Facebook is a terrible place to post that kind of stuff. It won't appear in most of your friends' feeds, and the ones who see it will either ignore it, or they won't understand it, and will post some awkward comment forcing you to explain your joke/reference, and the whole thing becomes exhausting. This post is a perfect example. Most of my Facebook friends don't even know what Reddit is, so they wouldn't understand. And virtually none of them would bother reading a post of this length.  4. The other thing I miss about Reddit is those rare, valuable moments where you really make a connection with someone. This is one of those areas where the anonymity of Reddit really works in your favor. Here, people are much more bold with the things they're willing to discuss because the social consequences of vulnerability are virtually non-existent. I follow a few support-group-ish subs, and on more than one occasion I've been able to jump straight into a deep conversation without all the awkwardness and small talk that gets in the way in real life. Even online, when you're talking to people you know, every relationship has baggage that prevents you from getting real with people. Here you can skip that. Don't get me wrong, Reddit is still 99% mental junk food. Hell, the whole internet is. But at least here there aren't any built in barriers to deep conversation.  So now that it's Easter, I'm back. And I'll probably still use Reddit every day. But it's not going to be like it was. The mindless content browsing? I didn't miss that at all. If I have 5 mins to kill, maybe. But any more time than that, and I'd rather be reading. And when I'm here, I'm going to try to focus on more meaningful interactions. I'll probably never have a life completely free of mental junk food, but I've learned that I never really liked it as much as I thought I did."	cc
I’m sorry but I think I have to go now Thanks Reddit for helping me when I had no one. Hobey ho let’s go. ❤️	sw
help i want to now some way to het a voucher to enter in the suicide departament can anybody give me one please	sw
"How easy is it to compete in the Olympics? Its one of my dreams to compete in the olympics (at any capacity) and I was curious if anyone had more insight on the topic.  For example, how hard would it be to become a dual citizen to a under-represented country for a sport like curling? Are there rules in place that keep this kind of thing from happening?   This may seem like a joke but I'm seriously considering pursuing this path! Please let me know your thoughts. Thank you."	cc
"I wish I was stronger I'm just not and I think about suicide daily. I sit up at night and cry. Today I didn't eat. I feel like I will eventually take my own life, I just don't want it to be a burden to anyone else. I feel like I've been a burden enough already. This hurts and life sucks. "	sw
"I want friends So recently I found this video entitled how to break bad habits. I have this horrible habit of watching youtube/browsing reddit instead of doing my homework so I figured, ""Hey might as well give this a try."" Well one of the steps to ridding yourself of your bad habit was to find the underlying cause/reason that you participate in this habit. So I did some thinking. Why do I watch youtube/browse reddit so much. And the answer is quite simple. I use it to fill the missing social interaction in my life. I don't have any close friends, so to make up for it I watch videos/read reddit to feel that connectedness. When I do these things I feel like I am a part of a group, like there are other people out there who understand me and would be friends with me. And I really just want to talk to someone about this but you know that isn't really something you can talk about to people who are your casual friends ya know."	cc
i can’t i don’t think i can do this anymore  i don’t think that i deserve to live   i am such a shitty person  i keep hurting the people around me  i can’t	sw
"How do y’all organize your music playlists? So I’m relatively young but I’m absolutely neck deep in music. I use Spotify and the native Apple app (for mixtapes and CD’s that you can’t stream) and I was super overwhelmed by the sheer amount of music I had amassed. My Spotify looks like this - https://imgur.com/a/ljCfy  Each playlist has between 50-300 songs on it. I had to create more to separate out my music because I’d have playlists with different genres and sounds in it, and it was just a weird listening experience.  So, to my question!   How do you all organize what you listen to? Do you break it down by release years? Genres? Etc?  And an example: I’ve really been getting into ‘60s-‘80s music of all genres and have been making up a bunch of playlists for that. I have one for the 60’s, 70’s, 80’s and so on. Now my dilemma is that I want each one to sound cohesive, but I wasn’t around back then. So to me, a some of the late 60’s stuff sounds like it should be grouped with 70’s stuff.   Zeppelin, Jimi Hendrix and Creedence all had very popular (nowadays anyway) albums come out in ‘68 or ‘69. But they sound like 70’s songs to me. Do I include them in with the 70’s songs? Because then they wouldn’t be true decades playlists, but having Zeppelin and Jimi and Creedence with like The Doors, Buffalo Springfield, The Yardbirds, etc sounds kinda weird?   What are your thoughts? And if you have recommendations, shoot them at me! "	cc
"I wish I wanted to die I am so sad and unhappy. I’m not depressed, I am just stuck in incredibly poor circumstances. I always want to stop living but I never want to die. I would do anything I could, no matter the pain, to die, but I can’t... I can’t bring myself to do it.  I can’t win. I can’t even lose with dignity. I’ll just sit here crying. I don’t care what they think of me. They wouldn’t last a day in my shoes, no less a fucking year.  Fuck ‘em."	sw
"I'm really kinda done now. I have never felt this oddly calm when contemplating suicide before. It's always been a very emotionally turbulent thing. I don't know whether I'm just desensitised to it or if it's because it's become a logical option now instead of one connected to emotions like it was before. I have been like this before, with other things. This is how I felt when I first started self harming, for example, and I don't know if I should be worried about that, but either way I'm not. Everything just seems to be building up and all my energy goes into looking after other people, and right now I'm just too drained to care, I guess. I'm taking these notes in a very casual manner and if this goes away I suppose that will scare me into asking for help again, even if it did absolutely nothing last time. Anywho, I'm rambling. Just wanted to get this off my chest. "	sw
"I just saw a great movie! So, I just saw a movie called The Passion of Joan of Arc. It's a French silent film from 1928, about the trial and execution of Joan of Arc. I rarely watch black and white movies, but this one was incredible, and Falconetti's performance as Joan was probably the best acting I've ever seen. Anyways, I just felt like talking about obscure movies that most people haven't heard of. What are some obscure movies that you like? I'm willing to talk about anything though, really. This is my first time posting in this subreddit, so I hope I haven't broken any rules!"	cc
"the only way out is dying, i think kind of an obvious title. idk. i don't have a lot to say. i have an intake appointment with the clinic tomorrow, but i won't get to see a therapist, much less a psychiatrist, for at least another week.  i don't know if i'll make it that long. i'm an empty shell of a human being. debtors are literally doing all but kicking my doors down. i'm too scared to answer the phone. i've let everything get so out of control.  i was supposed to dispose of my pills. i know suicide by overdose is not a sure thing; in fact, it's one of the LEAST sure things. i've attempted before. but i care so little... i really just don't care if i live or die this time haha.  anyway. thx for reading, if you bothered to"	sw
I did a Stand Up comedy open mic yesterday. And I did pretty good. I got some laughs out and I'm thinking of doing it again next week! I'm actually going to write stuff down and not go off the top of the dome. You folks ever do something new out of the blue?	cc
"Nothing to lose Each day, I lose more and more of the little hope I can muster. I just wanna say ""fuck you, assholes"" to everyone I know and vanish. For a while, I thought for a while it would be cruel to my adoptive mom (she didn't choose to adopt me, but rather sister died and my father was out of the picture), but I'm more and more convinced I'd be setting her free, rather than making her sad, just like when you have that very sick relative with no hope of getting better, and when they finally die people are more relieved than sad.  I deserve to die, and make room for someone who's worth it. Don't tell me otherwise, because it won't be true. You don't know me. I won't be missed and I know I'm the only one to blame."	sw
"Suicidal thoughts, I don't believe this is wrong Hey guys. I have a lot of physical and mental problems. I hope to see a therapist soon. I have made mistakes, really bad mistakes. I'm 23 years old and I feel like an old man. I am agnostic. I feel that death is not a bad thing. It is quite interesting. Perhaps something good will happen, maybe nothing? Maybe I will be in peace. Recently I've been contemplating suicide, but not so much. It's kinda like a last resort if anything goes really wrong. Is this wrong? Am I noble for being optimistic about death? I have considered the pros and cons. The benefit is that I won't hurt anyone anymore directly, and I won't hurt myself by not existing. But on the flip side, my parents and siblings will be heart broken. I am generally happy, but sometimes these mistakes I make, I can't tell anyone. It's not like I killed anyone or ever physically hurt someone. I consider myself to be a really kind and good person, many people say the same. But I have no friends and society generally sees me as a problem. Im all alone, constantly dealing with anxiety. For the past 3 years, there hasn't been one day that I haven't been anxious. I have been trying hard to stay optimistic this whole time, but in the end I just secluded myself being a shut in. Any thoughts on my views on suicide? Is it okay if things go really really wrong? The probability that such a terrible event may occur is hopefully only 0.00001%, but there is still a chance and a chance of something bad happening means that I need a plan. A backup plan. I'm afraid of pain, my physical condition has made me want to stay away from any pain. Is there even a painless way to die?"	sw
"Just got a new dog, what should her name be? Hey guys, just adopted a new rescue and I’m picking her up Wednesday. I already have one puppy (my baby boy Bernard that you can see in my posts), but I’m having trouble thinking up a name for our new addition to the family. So give me some ideas, what are you guys thinking? "	cc
"WTF Just Happaned So I'm working security outside, and there's no washrooms nearby and I need to pee. I get lucky and one of the construction guys comes back from something. I ask for him to just keep an eye out while I go use the washroom. I go over to he nearest Timmies and theres a line. I wait patiently, for my turn.  Just before it's my turn this guy(Mike) runs up to the washroom and hits the locked door. Before I can say anything the guy using the washroom opens the door and Mike pushes himself into the washroom. The other guy leaves, before Mike has a chance to close the door, I hold it open and explain its my turn. Now this is how I learn of mike's name.    "" Hey, I get you're waiting in line, but in these last 30 years have ever said hi to Mike?Ask him how he's doing""  I'm confused and perplexed, I look at the other men standing in line, and they are just confused as I am. As I turn back, Mike adds."" No huh, that's why I'm going to use the washroom, now if you'll let me.""  I sigh, and let go of the door.     What the hell did I just witness and experience?"	cc
"I've never really opened up about this before and I feel like I need to tell someone. I'm 19, female, and an engineering student. I've been depressed and contemplated suicide for years but I never really talked about it to anyone, I was always afraid of what others would think of me if I did and even if they were supportive of me I didn't want to burden them by putting my problems on their plate. I just need a place to vent out without feeling guilty about it.  Back in high school, I was extremely anxious about the future because I never really felt prepared for the real world and doing things on my own despite the fact that I mostly kept to myself. Since starting uni back in September everything has just really spiraled down. I wasn't doing well enough in class and I was stressed to no end. Cue finals week: I didn't pass two of my classes, my childhood role model committed suicide, and my boyfriend of 3 1/2 years broke up with me saying that I was too distant. I felt like I was kicked to the ground and I've been barely crawling through life since.  I've lost any motivation to go out and I've lost passion for my major. I'm almost positive I'm going to get kicked out of uni. I haven't been keeping up with my friends and family, and even the people I still talk to don't know any of this. I blatantly lie to them and I hate myself for doing it but at the same time, I feel like they'll just abandon me if they see how pathetic I am. I especially can't face my parents. Back in seventh grade, one of my best friends attempted suicide and my mother's immediate response was to tell me I shouldn't talk to people like her. I'm afraid of being shut out of my own family for how I feel and because I feel like I've let them down.  People get along fine without me being around. I've never had much to add to the conversation in the first place. Even now that my boyfriend and I are back together he tells me about what he's gotten accomplished in the three months we were separated and I even though he tells me that he missed me I can only think about how he was more productive and how he managed just fine if not better without me.  I feel ashamed and selfish. I don't have a real reason to be depressed. I'm not poor. I have an otherwise supportive family and my partner. I made it into a great university. So why do I feel like this? Why can I literally not imagine any future for myself? I feel like I'm worthless and I don't deserve what's been given to me in life.  The only things that has truly kept me from killing myself are my younger siblings (9, 7, & 4). They mean the world to me and the excited looks on their faces when I visit home make me feel guilty for wanting to leave and never come back. They look up to me, how could I ever want to leave them? But at the same time, it feels like it's only gotten worse and worse. Ending it feels like the most realistic option for me. I don't know what to do."	sw
"just voicing my thoughts It seems everyone I know is living the dream: a girlfriend, a social life, decent job, enjoying whatever the fuck they do, no problems. them there are sad fucks like me. seriously the more i see, the more i just want to end my life"	sw
"Why can’t I? I’ve wanted to for years. I have no purpose here. I’m only unintentionally causing pain and I want to stop but I can’t.   I’m scared it’s because I’m a narcissist. Everybody says they can’t kill themselves because they love themself too much. If that is the reason, it’s even more proof that I should, but I don’t love myself at all. I think I’m awful.  I don’t get it, why can’t I do it? What’s wrong with me?"	sw
"""How can you NOT care?!"" For at least more than 6-7 years, I have wanted to die, and didn't expect to be alive to see myself become an adult (at least by law). Because I didn't expect to be here, I never cared much about politics, or the future in general, which made me feel absolutely lost when I ended up choosing to live. I decided to pursue the thing most similar to my dream career because if I was going to live, then I didnt care about ending up poor like everyone seems to think when I tell them. I still don't have an opinion or interest in a lot of things, because I try to only focus on what I like and things that normally wouldnt end with someone attacking me for it. Now here's the problem, I have a friend who is VERY into politics, is always trying to talk about it and doesn't like to admit what she's saying might be wrong; because of this, a lot of times I feel like she or other people think I'm dumb for not being interested in important things like that or similar. And it makes me so mad, because I'm trying so hard to convince myself to live and they just see me like a weirdo for not caring about certain topics."	sw
"tomorrows the night so i decided tomorrows the night im finally going to end it, ive been dealing with major depression/suicidalness for maybe 7 years now (dont really remember how long its been), i was going to go through with it a few years ago but had just met an amazing girl so as i was sitting on the bridge about to jump i decided to see how it would go with her and it ended up being the most amazing 2 years of my existence, however for some reason at times the demons would come out of me and i would become a complete dick to the person who meant to the most to me, ive said some very rude things and even thrown her to the floor once,  so she left me about 6months ago and ive been struggling harder then ever ever since,shes blocked me completely and refuses to talk, i know ill never meet anyone as that could even compare to her, she was absolutetly perfect, i have no real friends and so i feel my time is up, i brought this on myself, im  not even too sure why im posting this, but tomorrow im going to go visist my cat for the last time (hes living at her moms place) and then  im going to go to the spot i asked her out, do some xanax , maybe bring some coke along and a bottle of whichever liquor i decide upon and hang myself. i apologize for the lenghty post ive never been good woth words. if any of you have a significant other then do me a favor and please cherish them and treat them as best as you can."	sw
What are you up to on this fine Saturday? I got up nearly at noon after a good night's sleep following a stressful week. Wanted to work a bit through the day but so far (pushing 6pm) I've just been messing around and haven't got much done.  How's your weekend going?	cc
"Struggling to find a reason to keep going Hey there. I've never done something like this, but I'm at a breaking point, and I am struggling to find a reason to keep going. I cannot find any joy in anything and struggle to see a future where I'll ever be happy as it seems like most of my life has just been misery, where the good times were just getting by, and my existence is to be alone.   I just don't understand why I can't connect with people. I try to message people or talk to people, to socialise and organise actually having human contact and its just failure. Am I that uninteresting, repulsive or just not worth the effort? How do you get by or make things okay if everyone you know just wants to keep you at arms length?  How do I keep going? "	sw
"I can't stop the thoughts in my head.... I feel like I just feel so shitty about life, like i feel like it just doesn't stop. I wanted to just not be here anymore. I was sexually abused by my exboyfriend when I was 19 which was 2/3 years ago. He would hit me and make me his punching bag in life. for months. My other exboyfriend who I want to get back together with attempted suicide last fall. I don't have any real emotional support at home, and constantly feel like I am getting judged at home. I drove just an hour straight yesterday aimlessly, and didn't even notice I was speeding, and got a speeding ticket. I feel so lost... like I feel like nothing matters. I been bullied since I was young. I been diagnosed with childhood major depressive disorder when I was younger and as an adult I still have it. I been clinically depressed since I was 7. I suffer from PTSD from being assaulted by my first boyfriend. I also suffer from generalize anxiety disorder. I have barely eaten in the past 4 days, and can't sleep.    WHAT DO I DO?"	sw
"Less people care what you do than you think! I recently finished a presentation workshop with some colleagues to improve our skills. It was a really enjoyable time and safe zone for critique. The one epiphany I had by the end of it, is how little many of us care when someone messes up. We all have insecurities or things going on daily that whatever mistakes we do will occupy seconds of people’s memories. If you think an embarrassing gaffe is bad, remember that it means nothing to those involved with how much is already occupying their lives.  I was extremely nervous going into surgery earlier this year but when it was over I never took the time to think about it. Recently I wanted to make a mental list of things to be proud of myself for and looking back I am proud that I stayed calm and in control.    TL;DR: Don’t brush over the big or small accomplishments done every day, remember people don’t really care about your gaffes like you think.   What are some proud moments of your day?"	cc
I'm suicidal and I just want someone to talk to Someone to complain to about everyday things who won't get frustrated and tell me that they don't see a point of talking to me because they can't help me. 	sw
"I wish I could change careers Why is it so hard to plan and think of a way to successfully change careers??   For me I just want to default and say it's because I didn't go to college... but education isn't really the issue. I just don't know how to go about changing it up without making a bad move that I can't recover from. I guess it's just the uncertainty of it all.  I have just about 10 years of industry specific background now in Federal Gov't Contracting. I started in finance and went from administrative assistant to AR Specialist to AP/AR Specialist to Asst. Controller (SB subdivision), Project Admin, and now Contracts Manager. No formal training on these things.. on the job training or I just figured it out.  I got laid off 3 years ago and took the opportunity to start fresh - moved away from a major contracting area and started working restaurant jobs until I figured out what I wanted to do. I was loving it, but it was hemorrhaging money. There were so few gov't contractors in the area... I got an offer within a few months without applying through linkedin... accepted and with them went from 37.5k to 50k in a year and a half. Now, I don't really have much beyond yearly COLA to increase my income unless we are awarded a large contract.   I just feel stuck here because I can't find different career & industry that will keep me whole while I transition to it and get up to speed.  I've got a house note and a lovely fiance.. my car is paid off. I just get no fulfillment out my work.  Have any of y'all gone through a similar phase? What worked and what didn't?    "	cc
"Anyone else born on April fools day? The closest birthday I’ve met is April 2nd- heck I was supposed to be born that day as well, but guess I wanted out early ... and made a literal fool of myself! 🙄   Ok it is sort of fun that new people I meet tend to be like “huh?? That’s a joke right?” when I tell them. I read one story how someone’s dad missed their birth because he thought his wife giving birth was a prank. Anyways it can be a bit annoying though when you’re the perfect target of all the pranks on that day... so let’s share the pain a lil- who else is an April fool?"	cc
"Random woman helped me get to college I'm going to college next year, and was invited to an open house to get a look at the college I'll be attending. Only problem was that I didn't know how to get there. That didn't matter though, because I ran into a woman who was going to the open house as well, and she guided me there. When the time came to leave, I realized I didn't know the way back, and thought I was screwed, but lo and behold, the woman from earlier was back, and she guided me home. She was a cool person to. We had a good talk about our futures, and what exactly we wanted to do. So random woman. Let's meet again someday."	cc
I’m having surgery soon I’m tired of this life and I can’t continue living. I’m planning on taking some medicine right before the operation in hopes I’ll die during the surgery. I’m not worth the trouble anymore I’m just done	sw
Will my bf care if I commit suicide? I have been dating him for 2 years. I love him very deeply. I'm not using suicide as a way to control him I just have really bad mental issues. I've gotten help before and I'm on antidepressants that I have been on for 3 years. No difference. Im ready to do it I just want to know how it will affect him because I don't want to hurt him. 	sw
"Just something to talk about I'm not very concerned just want some insight. I'm a BIG eigth grader currently weighing 250 and being 6'1. I praticapate in powerlifting football basketball and lacrosse, for power lifting I was able to bench 180 squat 400 and deadlift 450. I am pretty fast as I played linebacker in football. I'm am just wondering if I should be concerned about my weight or just be mindful of it."	cc
I'm doing it I can't keep going like this any longer.  I'm going to kill myself on the 21st. I'm going to cram a handful of benzodiazepines in my mouth and then just drink a bottle of vodka until I'm dead.  I'm done.	sw
"What's something on your bucket list that you're planning on doing this year or might realistically accomplish this year? Travel, buying something, doing something, whatever! Mine is to visit as many US national parks as possible before I die, so I'll check at least one more off my list this year."	cc
"Interacting with Parents? Hi! I don't usually post on Reddit, but I think I will seek the advice of friendly internet strangers today.  I've been having some trouble with my parents; more specifically, them giving me more freedom with various aspects of my life.  Usually, they're pretty cool with this kind of thing, like if I wanted to go out with friends, but with technology, they have this stigma.  In particular, I want more freedom with my phone, or at least the ability to keep it in my room at night.  They have their own reasons for not letting me, but this policy was put into place a few years ago (when, truthfully, I wasn't getting enough sleep).  Now, I know the value of sleep, but I just wish they weren't so on top of me about when I do go to sleep or wake up.  Additionally, their attitude that it's improper to text in bed is a bit archaic to me.  I certainly understand their point of view but I just think it's a new age now and... why does it matter if I text at my desk or in bed?  My bed is way comfier than my chair.  I know this will sound really entitled/spoiled, but I just wish they cared less about me and what I do.  I want it to be my choice whether I'm going to be horribly sleep-deprived the next day or get a healthy amount of sleep.  I want to choose these kinds of things.  And I wish that changing a ""policy"" like this (no phones in the room when you go to sleep) wasn't like pulling teeth every single time.  I'm going to be going to college soon (I'm a junior now), so I feel like giving me more freedom isn't too much to ask for at this point.  Sorry if I forgot any key details, as I didn't want this post to get too long, but feel free to ask questions in the comments!  I'll reply as fast as I can.  I would like some advice on how to deal with this situation, especially if there are any parents of teenage kids reading this."	cc
"Roller coaster of feelings, still a month of waiting... Hello, I'm gonna keep it short I've had a very bad phase around 5 years ago when I was 16 where I barely could leave home for 2 years but I'm somewhat very fine now cause I'm fully focusing on work.  Still I had some sort of audition a few weeks ago, and I feel like I wasn't very good and I have to wait a month before the first results. I'm fully focusing on work (around 80 hours a week) and suicide is an ever-present thought if I can't even succeed in my work when everything else in my life is a mess.  I know I probably won't ever commit suicide, but I just have to get this out cause it's driving me insane."	sw
"Today, I gave my seatmates some tic-tacs. The class has not started yet when I entered, and while some of my classmates were murmuring noisly in the background, my seatmate asked if I had any piece of candy. As someone who wanted to acquaint with her, I offered her my tic-tacs. She took two.  Immediately as I was about to return them to my bag, another seatmate, a guy, asked for some. It would be rude to decline, right? So I gave him the tic-tac container, and to my suprise, he shook it forcefully dropping around 10-15 tic-tacs unto his palm. He immediateky shoved it into his mouth and returned the container to me.  I was taken in by surprise by how many he took, but at least he said thanks."	cc
"i'm too much of a coward i put the belt around my neck and around the pole in my closet but i couldn't bring myself to tighten it. but strangely i felt very peaceful right before when i figured i should just end things right here and now. but when i had the belt around me i just got scared that it would hurt and i just imagined how horrific my dead body would look. So I couldn't do it. I should do it, but I can't. I almost sent a goodbye text to someone i haven't spoken to in 6 months. would they even care? I doubt it, and I'm being completely serious when i say that.   I keep staring at the belt because i know it's my real only way out. I've already reached my peak and now it's over. The rest is just more of this, more pain and more failure and more delusion. I need to get out.  I wish I had the courage."	sw
"Internet friends, Advice Needes Update at bottom   I'm depressed, occasionally suicidal and definitely not in a fully healthy mental place. But I'm not the topic of conversation right now.   I've got a few online friends, whom I talk to and share and help work through issues constantly. We're as close as any irl friends I have. One of these friends is in a very bad mental state. Bulimic, self harming, anxious and absolutely horrified she's gonna be institutionalized because of it. I've helped her work through her rough spots before but...  It's been a day or two since the group's heard from her. There have been periods where she's gone offline before but I don't think this is like the other times. I'm worried, I'm panicky and... I don't know what to do.   Do I wait a bit longer? Do I spam her or keep asking? I just... im worried.   Update: She had a hospitalization scare and was a little preoccupied to come online. She's ok now though, and I couldn't be more relieved. "	sw
"Everyone keeps attacking me for something I didn't do As the title says, I've been getting harassed for something that I didn't do. Someone who's mad at me, an ex friend, started saying that I called my ex a slut and bragged about how I was gonna sleep with her. This wasn't true, I didn't even sleep with her at all. Of course, she believed him and now she's pissed at me. She told all her friends that this happened too, and now I'm getting messages and threats about it. I still really care about this girl, and I'd still literally die for her. She doesn't realize that she's really hurting me. She's blocked me on everything, her friends won't listen. I'm starting to think that a well written suicide note will leave a message. I haven't felt this bad in years, I want it all to be over. Nobody will listen to me."	sw
"Suicidal thoughts are apart of my life now. The voice is always there, like a manipulative predator, slow and steadily  feeding the phrase: “I want to die”, I can’t concentrate in class anymore, my life is slowly grinding to a halt. The nights feel even more darker and lonelier, and your by yourself to begin with. "	sw
ive been trying to keep it together for too long i can never catch a break. i'm done trying to keep everything together. why not do it now when i already feel dead	sw
Headed to the MicroCenter! A friend and I are headed to the microcenter in the cities in our state as soon as his class is over.  So excited! Going to spend a TON of money. UGH!	cc
"İ will tell the truth about myself... İ more feel like a female, i am normally in male's body but iam not belong in here... Fuck i dont want to be boy anymore... İam not a boy. İ dont want to stuck in this body anymore i finally realized that was the major proplem .i would want to be a mother and have daughter ... that was my secret and iam finally saying you "	sw
I'm depressed right now. I just made a HUGE mistake and told something my friend told me to the person they were talking about.  That person told everyone and now everyone hates my friend.  My friend hates me now and I don't know how to live on.	sw
"Someone please I wish someone would just kill me, so I didn't have to do it myself. My life is already out of control, but not enough for my death to be at someone else's hands."	sw
Calm My body and mind have calmed down now. Would be a nice time to sleep and not wake up. Googling ways to kill myself. How many of my anxiety meds would I need to take?  I don't want to die. I don't quite know how to live either. Live how I want.   My soul is tired. Unable to please my parents.  I want off the dreadmill.   	sw
"Is there a reason to be attached to the idea of life? Wasn't asking for now, but I made a thread in another subreddit doing research on painless ways to die. (I don't really get into anything without doing some research first, so this is more of in case I need it in the future).  That said, I'm pretty indifferent on life in general.  Whether I'm 30 or 130, I'm going to die at some point.  Is there really a reason to go out of my way to prolong it?  It's less of a reason to die rather than it is lack of reason to live.  I'm just living every day just for the sake of it; so it's just like what the point.  Existence at all just feels like a big chore stuck on repeat and I get no benefit/nothing out of it.  I think there's some fun to be had in these mid years, but I honestly don't see myself having any desire to live a day beyond 50.    Honestly, my idea of a fun life is to just rack up as much debt as I can, have as much of a great time as I can until the money's gone, and then end things; rather than just do the 40hr grind just to stay afloat for 40, 50, 60 years just to hate every miserable day in existence."	sw
"Went on a hike today (#87) My dad's old college buddy likes to go on hikes and he sends out mass invites to people about every other month to join him. I always was interested in going on a hike so back in November my dad asked me to tag along at it was fun. He did the same for today and it was again fun and quite an adventure.  Two other people who showed up last time (excluding me, my dad, and his friend) were there today as were three different people. My dad's friend and the one lady who showed up both times bring their dogs along (he owns a fat dachshund named Ella and she owns a golden retriever named Koby). Except for crossing a couple of water creeks, Ella is able to do the entire hike by herself despite her size and stumpy legs. Koby runs back and forth over and over and over and he often lays in puddles/water or rolls around in dirt. They make the hikes so much more fun.  We actually got lost today somehow. Apparently this crew often crosses from path to path instead of staying on the same one all the time (cause they always go to the same park so it'd get boring doing it that way) and when we switched to one path, even though we all thought there was only one possible direction to go, we went the wrong way. We managed to find our way back and eventually got to the cars. The hike started at 10am and (including a few short breaks and a far too long lunch break) we finished at 6pm. We apparently did around 6.5 miles according to one of the guy's hiking app. A lot of it was uphill but that's not much of a problem.  I haven't run much at all the past few months so my cardio is kinda shit right now (screw treadmills even though I'm in the gym 3-4 times a week) so it was a bit tiring at some points, but I could have kept going for much longer I felt. Or at least without the breaks. But since everyone else in the hiking group is somewhere between their mid-30s to late-50s, not everyone was as energetic as I was. My dad's friend has two bad knees and so when the painkillers wore off he really needed to rest more and more.   When I actually have free time when the semester ends to get a life, I would like sign up for hikes using the MeetUp app so I could hopefully hike with people more around my age (since I can't really find any of my own friends who'd be interested) because hiking definitely is a fun thing to do. I love the outdoors.  Do you ever do activities with your parents for fun? (or did you back when you lived at home if you don't anymore)  What are your thoughts on hiking?  What's the funniest thing you've seen a dog do?  Can you read maps (I'm talking physical paper maps here) to find your way somewhere?  ---  ^^^This ^^^is ^^^post ^^^#87 ^^^out ^^^of ^^^~~365~~ ^^^360something ^^^with ^^^my ^^^goal ^^^to ^^^have ^^^a ^^^conversation ^^^on ^^^here ^^^every ^^^day ^^^of ^^^2018. ^^^Feel ^^^free ^^^to ^^^comment ^^^on ^^^anything ^^^I've ^^^said, ^^^answer ^^^my ^^^questions, ^^^or ^^^just ^^^talk ^^^freely ^^^about ^^^yourself ^^^even ^^^if ^^^it ^^^doesn't ^^^relate ^^^to ^^^the ^^^post. ^^^I'm ^^^here ^^^to ^^^chit ^^^chat.  ^^^It's ^^^been ^^^[14] ^^^days ^^^since ^^^I ^^^last ^^^missed ^^^a ^^^post  ^^^^Accidentally ^^^^hit ^^^^the ^^^^""make ^^^^font ^^^^smaller"" ^^^^thing ^^^^three ^^^^times ^^^^instead ^^^^of ^^^^two, ^^^^oops."	cc
"RIP Circle of Good Deeds (47 Strong) Yesterday, on my alt account, u/wingdingsguy12 I created ""The Circle of Good Deeds"", and my God was it successful. While many circles grew large with an open key, we stayed strong until some genuinely good person betrayed us. We became an actual community of people. I only invited those who created positive circles that were wholesome and made the world better. lots of people in the Circle of Good Deeds donated to charity, others challenged people to send them drawings. Regardless, it was a group of people who weren't just looking to get the highest number on their flair, but rather to use r/CircleofTrust to make the world a better place. It was a resounding success in that it accomplished what I think Reddit wanted the Circle of Trust to be.    If any of those that were in the Circle are reading this, thank you. "	cc
"Often we hear “I’m only hanging on b/c I don’t want my parents to suffer.” If you had mean parents, would you still hang on for them?"	sw
"Hey friends. Happy Saturday night. How was your guys’ night? Me and a couple of friends (primarily me) decided to do a 6 month study on how do people eat ice creams when asking for a sample.  Spoon up(the scoop on how we normally eat) or spoon down(vice versa)  How do you guys eat your ice creams with a spoon?  Update: spoon up — 5, spoon down — 3 (I’ll be updating it based on the response.)"	cc
"I don't want to accidentally kill myself. I've made this account to post here, I've never done it before. I've been dealing with off and on depression my whole life. I've been to therapy but never gotten a solid diagnosis for anything other than depression. It used to just be complete sadness all the time. However, it's not like that anymore. I have fits, or like moments of feeling like the scum of the earth, sometimes lasting a day or more and sometimes less than an hour. During this time, I have almost killed myself twice. When they're over, I feel completely fine, and sometimes regret it. I don't want to do it if I'm not completely sure. I really don't know what to do. "	sw
Don’t call anyone. Tried to kill myself last night. Drank a bunch and took a bunch of muscle relaxants. Wrote a note. After all the sexual abuse after all the anger after everything I just wanted to end it. But then woke up with puked up blood all over the pillows and my cat on top of me. And residual feeling of overwhelming guilt and anger and feelings of wishing myself dead.   My cat needs someone to take care of her. I can be that person.   What’s with the blood on my pillow? Why did that happen? That’s the part I don’t understand 	sw
"I was doing good I fucking swear to god I was doing good, 6 days clean from cutting and all. I didn't cut today, at least not yet..   Everything seems to be going great, but I know damn well that something bad is bound to happen. And I can't take it. I can't fucking take it. My relationship with my mom is finally going great, I'm slowly moving on from ""him"", and I finally applied to college! But fuck, the moment I am alone, all these negative thoughts start coming back in clumps and they pierce my ears and enter my cranium and swirl about. Fuck fuck fuck! I'm trying to watch funny videos, but with so many ""suicide prank"" videos being suggested, I'm just itching to end it all. I'm thinking negative all over again. Like fuck! Idk what to do anymore. I want these negative thoughts to stop, in fact I want to stop thinking period. But there's only one way to do that. I'm so close to crying because I am slowly being dragged into that depressed state and I don't want to go there. I like where the fuck I am now. Stop it brain! Fucking stop for a minute or two! Fuck!"	sw
"[20M] Almost ready to go. Hello, I'm a 20 year old man from Northern Europe. I feel horrible all the time. My past is filled with nothing but regrets. I can't imagine a positive future. I feel like I'm going insane. I'm so close to killing myself.  I'm being consumed by intense feelings of envy, sadness, selfhatred and resentment. Most of these feelings are related to, as pathetic as it is, my total lack of romantic and sexual experience. I know I'm sort of young and everything, but my past experiences doesn't give me ANY hope that this will change, well, ever. I can't remember a single time when a girl of my age talked to me at their own will. I've had a couple of crushes, both ended up dating people who bully me or act like I'm a subhuman. Not only that, the older I get, the rarer the type of girls I like get within my agegroup.  I know this all might sound like a minor issue to you, but I have pretty obsessive personality, and I'm in very real pain because of this. I can't escape it. I go outside, I see young happy couples everywhere. I listen to music, well, like 90% of it is about love so... I watch Anime, I see young love blossoming. I play online video games, I get called a virgin.  I've talked to my therapist about this, and she doesn't seem to take it seriously, just saying things like ""you'll find someone, I'm sure"". Well, I'm not. Also when I told that I felt that I was ugly she didn't reply straight away, and seemed to dodge the question, which just confirms that I am FUCKING ugly. I look feminine, have big nose, weak chin, bad skin, bad teeth. Only people to say that I look good is my Mom (very biased obviously). I'm pretty skinny, but I can't ""hit the gym"" because of my social anxiety. I've tried buying nice looking clothes that fit me, getting a good haircut, but this just feels like putting makeup on a pig. If happen to find a girl of my dreams, there's just no way she'll be at all interested in me. Which will surely drive me to suicide, if I haven't killed myself by then.  I have two friends, both have already moved away to University in another city, and we rarely talk online (they have better friends than me). I graduated High School last year, a year later than my peers, and am currently studying for entrance exams to university. If I fail to get in, there's nothing between me and the rope. I know my family will be sad, but they'll get over it."	sw
"I need some help, considering suicide. I’m pretty new to this subreddit, so I’m not sure what the rules are, but I need some help.  A couple weeks ago me and my parents got into a pretty big fight, and I came out of it feeling pretty useless and like I was a burden on everyone in my life.  Throughout the course of my life, me and my parents have always disagreed on stuff and had fights. It’s just part of life. However, when it’s all “said and done” my parents say that they still “love me”.  Part of me wants to believe it, but another-darker- part of me doesn’t even consider the possibly that anyone could “love me”.  I’ve gotten used to being yelled at and containing my feelings during these fights. But afterwords, I break down and cry in my bed with thoughts of suicide filling my mind as I sob into my pillow.  The most prominent of these thoughts being that I’m worthless, and that I have no purpose in life other than being a burden on everyone.   The only reason I haven’t actually “done it” yet is that I’m terrified of what’s going to happen afterwords.  I already know what people are going to say, since they’ve all said it before. “You have so much to live for”, “you have your whole life ahead of you”, “you’ll get past it”.  This is really just a last resort for me, and I’m not really sure I can be talked out of these feelings, but it’s worth a try, right? "	sw
"""What"" instead of ""Who"". Hi all,  I think that the world would be a better place if each of us acknowledged ""what"" we are instead of ""who"" we are.  Attaching a unique identity only results in heartbreak and sadness. Disassociating from individual identity just makes it easier to survive this place."	cc
"I feel trapped I don't want to commit suicide, but I feel like it's my only option. I've failed 4 semesters at college now, I'm an obvious fuck up. I just can't do school. I absolutely hate it and I don't think there are any professional fields I find interesting enough to go to school for. I don't want a minimum wage job, I'd kill myself if I had to work one anyways. So what can I do then? There really isn't anything else. I'm not good at anything, I have trouble focusing on things, I've been told at a previous job that I was incompetent so I guess I don't belong in the work place anyways. It seems obvious to me that killing myself is the best way to go since I have no where else to go. But if you have suggestions I'd like to hear them first."	sw
"Suicidal I'm feeling really miserable right now. I'm having suicidal thought because I was obsessed with this one girl and we were good friends but I was late and she got a boyfriend, he treats her like shit and I would be much better than him if we were together. Really mest me up."	sw
"PSA: Reddit comment and vote processing is currently delayed. (more info inside) https://reddit.statuspage.io/  > **Comment and Vote processing is slow**  >**Monitoring** - A fix has been implemented and we are monitoring the results.   >*Apr 10, 08:03 PDT*     > **Investigating** - Comment and vote processing is currently delayed.   > *Apr 10, 07:29 PDT*  --- It's not just you. No your comments have not been removed. Reddit is just being slow.   https://www.reddit.com/r/CasualConversation/comments/ <-- comments there seem to be updating.   Hopefully the admins fix this soon, sorry for the hiccups. "	cc
it's happening again why God why i'm getting suicidal again i don't want to go through this again please don't let this happen again it's too much  i almost didn't make it last time please the pain is too much	sw
Would anyone like to play a game of truth I tend to get bored easily and am in pain often. Like to take my mind off of it by learning about others. Prefer to talk to females but if anyone wants to play a game of truth PM me.	cc
"Job search has caused me to consider suicide I know this sounds extreme, but I am hopeless and just want out. I left a job in December at a shi**y non-profit with a verbally abusive boss, and thought that I could get back on my feet. I'm 29, live in NYC, have a master's degree and a about five years of professional experience. However, I have applied to 150 jobs and have had ONE interview. It was a long process that led to rejection. Aside from that, I haven't even gotten rejections!!!!! I spend time carefully crafting cover letters for each application and tweaking my resume for each one and don't get so much as a rejection email or even a confirmation that my application is being considered, even when I follow up.  I used to be a very driven person with so many goals and now every day I just wake up and want to die. However, I don't want to hurt my parents or bf by taking my own life. But then again, I don't want to continue living. Anway, I just needed to put this out there. Maybe someone can relate. "	sw
How do you guys like to relax? Right now I don't have enough energy to do more work but I don't know how to relax but to mindlessly scroll through the internet which seems very unproductive. How do you guys like to relax to recharge your batteries? 	cc
"Another Monday I'm sitting in the hallway of my high school. I'm suppose to be in the common room for lunch. I never go in there though. The school year is almost over and I haven't eaten lunch in there once. No one questions it. My teachers are always saying ""oh, I tried to find you during lunch but I never could"".  The hallway I'm in is the only one in the school that doesent have a security camera. It's funny because there's an exit door too. I think about just walking out. All the way. Past the parking lot. Walking onto the highway, and just laying there waiting for death. I use to have friends. Along time ago. It's just a distant memory. Now it's just unhealthy relationships. I never speak my mind with piers. It causes too much pain. Too much conflict. They don't care I don't care I use to get angry and frustrated. I used the analogy "" I wake up everyday just to bang my head against the wall"". Now I just don't care. It's like I've broken my brain from hitting my head against the wall too much. I'm tired. "	sw
"Are there other married men without any friends? (On Mobile) I (31yo Male) am happily married and enjoy my life. I have a fulfilling career, wife that I love, a baby on the way,  and two dogs. However, aside from my wife, I don't have any male (or female) friends. I moved to Florida over 5 years ago to change my life, I was a heroin addict. Had some fellowship through AA but not anymore. Unfortunately part of AA is people falling off the map and I don't attend meetings like I did in early sobriety.   My wife is having a baby shower next Saturday and said, ""The girls are coming over at 10, do you wanna hang out with the guys out of the house?"". That's when it hit me, what guys? I don't have any friends. I have two brothers who I love but both are up North.   I am not complaining or any sort of ""woe is me"" stuff. Just acknowledging that I don't have any friends outside of family.   Anyone have this situation going on? How do you make new friends at 30+ years old?"	cc
"What happens when you go to a hospital? Throwaway account for obvious reasons.  Recently I started being open about this kind of stuff. The doctor told me that if I got in a bad spot and couldn't get out, I should head to a hospital and they'll help me out.  What exactly does that entail? What sort of things do they do? I've had quite a few bad times but I've never really thought of going there.  Edit: I'm in Canada."	sw
"As many times as I've seen ""bridge may be icy"" I'd have thought that I would see more icy bridges in my day. Maybe it is just because I live in Pennsylvania but I rarely see bridges that are actually icy! PA gets pretty damn cold and it DOES have long winters though. Just a random thought I had! "	cc
"Had some good job interviews Yesterday I had my second interview with a company and for a role that I'm really interested in. It was a harder interview, but I think I hit all the key points and represented myself well. So if they choose not to move forward then at least I'll know it's because they want someone with more experience than me, and that's fine.  I'll hopefully hear back from the recruiter on next steps by the end of the week.  But it feels nice when you can do an interview well and feel okay with the results. It's a privileged position that I know a lot of people don't have the luxury of appreciating, but it does feel quite nice. Just wanted to share feeling hopeful about the future today."	cc
"I’m done Life is unfair, people are even more unfair, even more on the internet... i submitted my story and I almost got banned from this subreddit cause of all the bad karma it gave me. Then I watch any other comment and they get such amazing feedback and support and when I was looking really bad they told me to kill myself. I almost did and thanks to that I’m on watch. Thanks guys, real helpful."	sw
"Toughts on death all the time. I made this Alt account just to post this. I think of death all the time. It's either that, or thinking about all the massive fuckups my life has been up to this point. Sometimes listening to sad music of dubious quality. I don't find comfort in anything or anyone. It's fun to think that just 3 months ago I was the luckiest person from my point of view. A loving girlfriend, a caring best friend, and just about a good life. When my gf told me she never loved me and we should part ways, I collapsed. Then, who the fuck knows why, I told my best friend I liked them. And I didn't. I really don't know why I said it. I was really close to my GF, but now it seems it was all bullshit. With my best friend, it's just fucking hillarious how she used to comfort me and talking to me everyday, to just no contact at all. My life's a mess now. I got no real friends. My ex and my Best friend hang out everyday at college now, while I suffer alone and cry myself to sleep everynight. I cut myself on multiple ocassions. And my family found a suicide note I wrote the other day. I just can't stand life anymore."	sw
"Sad things in the world I feel so sad looking at the world we live in, it makes me feel so depressed and makes me think of just wanting to you know... The amount of racism, animals abusers and trashy criminals and murderers makes me so disgusted by the world. We have fucked up the planet beyond repair. There are people killing children and cats and dogs. It all makes me want to end it all.   Especially because I myself have a cat it makes me sick reading a story on r/rage about how a 17 year old girl ripped a cats heart out! Fucking makes me want to kill that girl! I can't handle all the negativity in the world it makes me feel so shit I don't know what to do to suppress my emotions of anger and sadness, plus on top of all this I'm living with an unstable single mum and I have final exams in 2 months...  Edit: Just to add I don't feel like killing myself now but I have planned maybe later in life depending how everything turns out.   I feel strange emotions which I don't know how to control from my anger and sadness which I'm worried could change into serious suicidal thoughts...=_= Thanks for reading (^^)"	sw
"Do you use any skills from your college degree in your day to day work? I think that if I started doing my current job straight after high school (or even before high school) I would be able to perform just as well. Nothing I learnt in college is remotely applicable for my job.  Is it just me who feels this way?  Are there people who are actively using whatever you learnt at college in your work? I am just curious about what skills or knowledge etc is being used actively... Maybe for Doctors or Lawyers or IT guys, there is certainly a big portion of what you studied being used. But what about Arts?"	cc
"my friend cancelled on us hanging out... again. so i have this friend/coworker/former crush who i enjoy spending time with but 9/10 times we make plans, she reschedules. it’s so annoying! i have no idea why she does this since she’s the one making the plans.  now i’m kinda pissed bc my day is all nothing except work. ugh! what do you guys do with people like this? i don’t even wanna keep making plans with her tbh"	cc
Is 6 grams of aspirin sufficient to prevent blood from clotting? Asking for a friend.	sw
"My last post I posted here two weeks ago and because of some kind words from strangers, I decided not to kill myself. It's been two weeks and nothing has changed. I feel even more isolated and alone. I spend most of my days trying to hold back tears. I have no one. I am sick of being an outcast I'm sick of being a weirdo. I can't do this anymore. I've tried. There's no place for me in this world, life doesn't get better for people like me. I have no worth, I have no family. I have no one. I feel like death is my only option to escape this pain. I don't when I'm going to do it, but all I know is I'm going to kill myself sometime soon. "	sw
I want pick a fight with the girl who wont love me back It hurts like hell anyways. Why suffer over her and risk suicide? We should have a boxing match. What do you think?	sw
"I like to watch romantic comedies and cry about how happy I am in my relationship. I’m twenty-four and I’ve been in love many times. But not real love. Love that was so obviously one sided. Love that clearly had a finish line. Love that would almost kill me from the fear of being alone.  Not anymore.  After putting one of my best friends in the “friend-zone” for three years, I finally had that moment of “realizing what was right in front of me”.  And now I’m really in love. And it’s finally with someone who is also really in love with me.  I’m an avid movie watcher. Always leaning towards the horror/thriller genre because “the boyfriend always dies”. Despite being in relationships, watching any type of romantic movie stung my heart. I just never felt like I had that and I always yearned for it.  Now my favorite pass time is watching rom-coms, thinking about my boyfriend and our future together. I get so happy, I become so filled with his love even when he’s nowhere around that it brings tears to my eyes.  I don’t know. I don’t really have anyone to talk to this about. All my friends are single and I don’t like to be that bitch of a friend who brags about her perfect love life all the time. I last minute got two days off work whereas my boyfriend is working all day and I’ve been watching romantic movies while he’s away and this just keeps crossing my mind. "	cc
"No Mas I haven’t slept in 4 days coming up on 5 now, my sister had been on the phone till now 1:13am talking loud. I don’t know if life is better here or dead.   Im sick as a dog, waiting to see if my cancer is going to relapse no money no health no sanity. What’s the point anymore legit.   I think if I cannot solve this now then there is no point pretending I want to be alive  It’s against my own religion to kill my self, I go straight to hell but if I’m living hell on earth why does it matter."	sw
"A friend refuses to get any help, including posting here. > no, I'm not going to post on r/depression or r/suicidewatch, because those people would all just tell me things I already know ""You have so much to live for"" and ""think about the people in your life that love you""  I don't know how to help anymore. I'm trying as hard as I can."	sw
"When they say pistachios are good for you, I'm pretty sure they don't mean the 1 in 4 that seem to be rancid! I've heard about aflatoxins being found in peanuts in particular, but in my recent pigging out on pistachios, I'm starting to wonder about them, especially since there are so many crappy, mouldy ones.     EDIT: Check out the top customer review. https://www.amazon.com/Wonderful-Pistachios-Roasted-Salted-Ounce/dp/B003P7XXPE?th=1"	cc
"Can someone please tell me whats wrong with me?? I don’t know what happened but I somehow ended up sat outside my old high school, I can't really remember walking there, I originally just walked to this field next to my house because I needed to get out and then I was meant to go home but I think I just carried on walking or something because I ended up on the floor outside the school gates. I stayed sat there for about 30 minutes, 3 cars stopped and asked me if I was okay and stuff. I just didn’t want to move because I was so tired and really confused about how I got there (obviously I walked but I can't really remember it) and why I went there of all places?? I haven’t been there for 2 years and I have really bad memories of that place so seeing it made me feel shit. After a while I got up, I didn’t want to go home so I just walked around for ages, I was in a really low mood and I kept getting these huge urges just to jump in front of the cars that were going by. I don’t know how to explain how I felt but my head felt fuzzy and it was like I wasn’t actually there. I was going to call the crisis team thing because I felt like I was going to do something stupid again but I didn’t want my mom to know. Another hour went by and I started walking home, I crossed this bridge that went over train tracks and I just stared over the fence looking down for ages, I don’t even know if I was going to jump or not because I was so out of it at that point. I managed to get myself home somehow and its been like an hour and I’m more myself now, hence why I’m writing this, I still feel low, but I’ve been trying to distract myself by listening to music and stuff. I don’t want to have to feel like this and to fear what’s going to happen when I’m low, because I don’t know what I’d do, there’s no reasoning with myself when I’m like that. I’m scared, and I need help, but I don’t know how I could get help, I’ve been trying to make it better since I was 13/14 and it just keeps getting worse. "	sw
"Is Paul Giamatti a good actor? I feel like he's been consistently working for years, but half the time he looks and sounds so out of place. However, I loved him in John Adams and he's good in Billions."	cc
"I want to tell someone how close I feel like I am to committing I want to tell someone about the noose, but I don't think I'm doing it soon, and I don't want to be committed"	sw
"Going downhill A couple years back I was actually kind of happy. But now that I have made my way on up to high school everything's gotten worse, and I still have no friends. Honestly I haven't had close friends since 4th grade and I hate talking to my mom because she always yells at me. My dad is better but I still don't really feel like I can talk to him.  Everything is stressing me out. My parents always want be to be the fucking best at everything and I never reach their expectations. I don't reach anyone's expectations. I don't know how to communicate well and just feel so lonely. I'm fucking sick of everything.  Especially my sister. All she does is smoke and drink. My parents don't even help her and she doesn't listen to me. She's so lazy and never does anything, yet my paarents don't give a fuck. And I get treated worse than her but I don't do anything wrong. I don't understand.   I've been thinking of ending it a lot, especially lately. The furthest I've gone is cutting. I just want someone to love me and understand me, but no one really does. I've been wanting to go further and I honestly might "	sw
"Sometimes my family and other people confuse me. Other people and my family don't seem to care about my emotions or what's upsetting me most of the time, but when I say something like ""I want to die"" and ask things like ""would you care if I was dead?"",  everyone freaks out and suddenly cares. Then again, when I first told my mother and older brother about my suicidal thoughts, my brother pinned me down and my mother yelled, cried, and hit me. Wtf.  "	sw
"My son and his wife want me at their side when their first child is born. I’m stoked! My DIL is not close to her mom. My son and DIL moved 11 hours away last year. Their first child is due in a few weeks.  They had said it before, but I checked with them again today, and they want me there as soon as I can get there when she goes into labor.  No one else was asked to be there.  I know I can hop a flight for about $150 and be there within 12 hours, depending on when I get the call.  I’m so excited that they want me there. I just can’t even express how much love this feels. "	cc
"Can't take it anymore I'm a female, 25 years old. I have aspergers syndrome and have suffered with depression my since I was a kid. Most people would consider me lucky. I have everyting i want. A loving family, hobbies, cats... But i have always been suffering and tonight i have hit my limit and i dont think i can keep going. I have an addiction to escapism. I love video games and anime the most and get so involved in those worlds that i dont want to leave. I have all the games and anime i could want and they are tearing me apart. I want to live in those worlds so badly that i watch and play all day and night and spend all of my money on these things. My mother is my carer and i love her so much but we argue all of the time about the money and my moods. She doesnt get it. No one does. I wish i came with a book explaining 'this is how i feel' but i cant and i feel so alone. I have no friend and no girlfriend. I came out to my mum years ago too and she never seemed to accept it or get it. Its like she doesnt believe me. Tonight i had a massive fight with her about my games and how i always want more. They make me happy and i know i cant buy them but i need them. She stormed out. Its never happened before and now i feel so hopeless. I've always been a loser without a life. I havent been sleeping well because of nightmares. I need this to end. I cant see another way. Im sick of feeling terrible and tight in my chest all of the time. I love you mum. Please know that."	sw
"Friend just committed suicide. what now? one of my friends commuted suicide yesterday. the whole town is in shock. things like this never happen here... until they do, i guess. We live in a good town, with good people, he was a nice young boy, athletic, sweet, and quiet. He had plenty of friends, i just don’t understand how this could happen. "	sw
"On may 7th 2014 I had a baby my freshman year of high school, on may 19th 2018 I graduate while my 3 yr old will watch me. On may 7th 2015 I went to school like any other day. By 6th period I didnt feel right. By 7th period I knew something was wrong. I went home and 4 hours later my son was born at 26 week and 6 days. He weighed 2 pounds and 2 ounces. At the time I was failing every class but math and history, today I got done with all of my credits a month early. I am so proud of myself, no one believed in us. My son fought hard to stay alive, so I'm fighting hard to give him the life he deserves.   Edit: I accidentally put 2014 instead of 2015 in the title. "	cc
"I tried to kill myself yesterday. Where I live it's cold. So I decided to just lay out on the forest side, take off my clothes, to sleep in and never wake up again. I almost fell asleep. I almost did. But a woodpecker woke me up. Then I looked at my phone. My mom was deathly worried where I had been. I broke out of whatever trance I had been in, put on my clothes and went home.  If my family ever knew this wasn't the first time I tried to off myself, they would flip their lid and never leave me alone (something I desperately need). I think about suicide everyday. I make suicide notes in my notebook. I can't handle being alive. Just breathing, just existing, hurts. I don't feel any will to live. If I was drowning, I wouldn't resist.  I really hate myself. I also almost died at birth, and two other times from drowning. By some stroke of luck I stayed alive. But I don't feel appreciative. I feel only dread. Why wont people just let me die. Why are my family so incessant on keeping me alive. I don't want to hurt anymore. Just let me fucking die"	sw
"Dealing with suicide in the Army I feel like I'm just wasting so much time. I do nothing all day. My daily routine involves:  wake up go to PT go back to my room report to my sergeant I'm told to stay out of sight and out of mind go back to my room  and repeat.  I joined the army for experience, and I don't need all the other benefits so my time here has been completely wasted. On top of that, a few things happened in my personal life that I cannot control so I just feel so stuck every day, unable to do anything about it. I feel like if I stay here one more week, I'm going to finally kill myself.  I've told my sergeant and my command about it, I self referred myself to a consular and have been seeing him for the past month or so. I've reached out to close friends back home, I've reached out to my family but nothing seems to work. I've done everything that I could ever think of to help me through this but I come much closer to just accepting suicide each day. Yesterday I even bought a knife just so I had the ability to just end it at any time now. I have a plan and I just know I'll eventually follow through with it.  I dont know what else to do and I don't want to live with this pain much longer.   "	sw
Doing past papers Who here does past paper questions as practice? How do you tend to do them? Do you write the answers out by hand or type them out? Do you look at your notes when doing this?	cc
"I don’t think I’ll ever do it, but my life is over. I’ve completely destroyed my life. I’m an idiot, a loser, a sad sack of shit. At one point I had everything going well, but things started to go bad for me and like a whirlwind, went into a downward spiral. I’ve thought about suicide over and over again, but I can’t do it because of my family...plus I’m scared of the afterlife. "	sw
"Never thought I’d be here I’ve had a plan since I was in middle school to kill myself after my senior year. One last summer with my friends. But now, I’m registered in my dream college for the job I want to do for the rest of my life. I never thought id be here. It doesn’t seem real. Things get better. "	sw
"Does anyone live somewhere that you just CAN'T escape construction noise? I have literally 3 different construction projects going on on 3 different sides of my apartment. From 7AM-7PM every single day all I can hear when I'm home is power tools, people shouting in Portuguese and beeping vehicles. Time to get a great pair of noise cancelling headphones and wear them every second I'm at home I guess? "	cc
"Breaking point It's been 3 months since my girlfriend broke up with me, 2 months since she blocked my number. I tried killing myself twice since then. I made mistakes after she broke up with me like bombarded her with texts about my emotions because I was in love with her and still am. I have been for 9 years. I invaded her privacy by going on her tumblr and reddit. Telling her horrible things like ""I meant nothing to you"". I left everything she gave me and everything we did together on her car and wrote things on the back of her drawings and paintings with stuff like ""You never cared about me"". I found out she got into another relationship a month and a half after she left me and i did all of that. 3 days later i tried to kill myself because of the guilt. I still love her. I'm sorry for everything."	sw
"The fact that my life isn't that bad makes me more depressed So I just tried to get on the suicide prevention online chat thing and while I was waiting for it to like load or whatever I just thought to myself ""what even do I say is my problem?""   Like I go to one of the best colleges in the US, I'm in a fraternity, all my family is alive, I have a decent amount of money, and yet....I think about killing myself every day.  I've already tried before and ended up in the hospital.     And then I come on here and it's like ""my entire family was murdered when I was 12 and I've been on the streets since then struggling with drug addiction"" and then I'm just like...fuck...what the hell do I have to feel depressed about?   I just feel so alone.  I feel like my entire fraternity just pretends to be my friend, as well as all my friends who aren't in my fraternity.  I have a ""best friend"" who I try and talk to about my problems and I'm like yeah I have depression she's like oh damn that sucks anyway and changes the subject.  I literally feel paranoid just walking around outside, even tho I'm a 6'1 190 pound white dude.  I feel like I'm losing my goddamn mind.  I want to get a dog so I can have someone who I know actually cares about me, but I don't think I can because if I kill myself I dont know who'd take care of it.  So I'm in a weird situation there.  Idk I'm all over the place.  People would kill to be in my situation and here I am wasting my potential by wallowing in self pity all the fucking time, which in turn makes me more depressed.  I'd kill myself right now but my mom and dad would be torn up and I can't do that to them.  I go see a therapist and everything but it doesn't help.  I just don't even really know what to do anymore.  I'm not a guy you'd think would be mentally ill as fuck at first glance, so it's kind of hard to bring up to people, especially when you don't trust them because you think they're pretending to be your friends.  Idk. How do i cope w wanting to kill myself every time I wake up?"	sw
"I tried to commit suicide. But failed. I just reeeeeeeaaaaally wanna kill myself, But I'm so fucking coward... I wanna Cut myself, I think I can't kill myself cause i'm coward, that's the reason why I live.  Sorry for my poor english."	sw
"Trying to help a suicidal friend I’m not sure if this was the right place to post this, but it seemed appropriate. A person I met online a few weeks ago has been saying some very concerning things about wanting to kill himself. He’s bulimic and eats less than 1000 calories a day, and a couple of days ago he started uncontrollably shaking due to low blood sugar (at least, that was his assessment). I’m not certain on all of the details, as he doesn’t want to talk about his personal life beyond the obvious cries for help he makes on a daily basis, but I have made a few educated guesses- everything from here on should be taken with a grain of salt. He lives with his parents (who don’t appear to like him very much by his account), has no job, and essentially no education. He feels like a leech with nothing to contribute and genuinely believes the world would be a better place without him. He said his parents would get over his death in a year and would have more freedom and money without him leeching. He used to be extremely overweight and lives in fear of becoming that way again. Unfortunately I can only talk to him online (and he doesn’t like to show his face at all and he hates his voice). I don’t know much about him or what his specific thoughts are but I want to help him any way I can. I genuinely believe he may do it."	sw
Why does everyone leave? I keep losing the people I love and the only person I thought I could trust just cheated on me and ditched me when I found out and the only reason I haven’t killed myself is because I don’t want her to think it’s her fault wether it is or not...	sw
"I need to die, to escape, and I can't I have to die, I can't live anymore it's too much and I hate it. But I can't die because I have no access to anything that could kill me effectively. People who say they care are selfish as fuck. They don't care, they just want me to live for their own interests. If they cared they wouldn't be so okay with me living in such emotional pain. I'm sick of being in bed almost 24/7, I'm sick of being bored of everything and most of all I'm sick of other human beings. I don't give a shit how privileged my life is, I fucking hate it. Whatever, angsty edgy teen stuff. I'm done. I need to die but I can't. If I don't die I'll do something else but I've asked for help before and got the exact opposite, so to be safe I'm not saying it here. But it's getting difficult to think of anything else because it's my only other option  I can't talk to anyone except strangers by text (such as reddit and things like that) because of my selective mutism and it's impossible for me to be helped because of that so don't suggest a hotline or therapy please"	sw
"16 and depressed and wanting to kill myself on my birthday Log in / Register r/SuicideWatch 16 and hopeless u/SilentTears0 Im 16 in 11th grade and i feel like i have nowhere to go in life. I take 2 AP courses both of which I suck so bad at. Even my regular classes are tough to me.so I had to drop out to just escape the sad cruel reality.. I feel like im just a dumb retard sometimes that i cant even understand basic math or even what the teacher is telling me. no matter how hard i study i always get simple mistakes and even looking at the people who fool around in class they always get higher grades. even my friends who always complain that theyre gonna ""fail"" and that they did so ""bad"" in the end get 90 or high 80s and then theres me with the 70s and 60s. Even at home my parents hate each other its just constant argueing and im not allowed any privacy. I barely have any friends because its hard for me to socialize and talk to people. Im scared for my SAT cause i suck so much at math and now i feel like i dont even deserve to go to college. all my cousins and aunts and uncles do so well in their education and they achieve so much and even my brother is the complete opposite of me. Hes so intelligent, naturally intelligent, and he has a lot of friends. Its like i was born the black sheep. I have a dream job but that job is hard to get because its in the medical field and highly competitive so now im even questioning whats the point of living my life anymore what is even my purpose. im not smart, cant socialize, i really dont have anything i can say that im proud of. I feel like im ruining my life. Its not only my academic life its just me in general. I feel like i was born with a mental illness that makes me incapable of talking to people. Even striking up a conversation and keeping it going is such a hard challenge for me that comes so naturally to most normal people. Thats why i barely have any friends and people think theres something wrong with me cause they always see me alone. And my its my family too. I grew up with a dad that has anger issues and fits of rage. I have really bad memories of that and sometimes it comes back in episodes and i have to lock myself in a bathroom to cry. And my sister before she left for college all she did was put me down. Everysingle word that came out of my mouth he would criticize it and nobody would do anything about it. It was like that for 3 years straight. Its funny how people always say ""im always there for you"" when they never are.Now i dont know whats the point anymore of my life. Sometimes i think of suicide i never consider it but i just think of it. Sometimes i space out in class and feel like to go somewhere alone to cry. Most of the time i feel this emptiness and loneliness. I can never even stand up for myself. Even if i get bullied or someone says something about me thats not true i can never stand up. I hate myself for that. That im just this quiet passive girl who cant get directly mad at people. In my head i always say so much stuff to the people that did me wrong but when it comes to real i just say ""its okay"". Why cant i ever say what im feeling? I know why. Its cause im scared of losing the few friends i have. I always happen to piss people off and when they get mad at me even if its unfair i always try to blame it on myself and understand them because im too scared that if i say anything theyll get even more mad and stop being my friend. I guess this is the life i have to live as a socially awkward introvert who anyone can step on all they want. And i do have one talent that i was born with and its drawing. I always drew. I love singing I sing my feelings but now its always sad songs Am i depressed? I dont know because its not like im feeling depressed throughout the whole day but i dont feel happy either."	sw
"anybody i'm planning on bringing things to an end soon, but i have nobody to talk about it with. anyone i try to go to will freak out and get me hospitalized or something of the sort. i'm sixteen, i just want someone to talk about everything with. anyone's appreciated. "	sw
"Everything is a mess In the last year, a friend of mine was almost murdered and two others died. My friends essentially decided they were sick of me. I have one friend. I’m so tired. A teacher at my school told me everyone would leave me because I was too much for anyone to ever love and I understand that. My dad seems to want to forget about his old life and move on with his wife, and I’m a part of his old life so we barely talk. My mom tolerates me sometimes. I don’t care anymore. I’m graduating in five weeks and I want to be dead before then. I knew when I was a kid I would die before I was 18 and it might just be a self fulfilling prophecy but I don’t care. I just want to go to sleep"	sw
"Tell me about your day! Road-trip goodies!! Thoughtful gifts!! Hi! How is everybody doing?? What’s your favorite show?? How’s work?? What was for lunch? What’s your plans for after work??  In addition to a general chat, I want to ask for some tips! My boyfriend will be on tour for 3 months and I want to make him a going-away package: a blanket, snacks....but what else? I want to add chocolate, but I’m worried it’d melt in the van. If you were driving for 3 months straight, what would you want for the road??? I’ll probably make a big package for the whole band, as well as a small one for my man.   Happy hump day!! "	cc
"I wish I could teleport, because if I could, I would be Santa Clause for hundreds of impoverished children all over the world. I would pick like 1-5 kids a day to bring a toy to, when nobody else is looking. I'd show up when the kid is alone or with friends, bring him or her a toy or food, whatever they needed, and stay with them as they grew. I wanna be that person for kids who need it all over the world.   I'd genuinely use my powers for good. If you could pick one power to do the most good for the world, what would you pick?"	cc
"Helped a stranger and I’m heartbroken *edit again* I got gilded! Thank you, whoever you are  *edit* I just wanted to say thanks to everyone that popped in to leave a comment on my rambling. I was in a weird place but I'm better now thanks to you guys.  ----------------  I’m not comfortable talking about this with friends.   I stopped by A&W before class to grab a coffee. There was a young lady ahead of me in line that asked if I had any change. I told her that I didn’t (pretty much tied to my debit card now) and put my earbuds back in. She fumbled with a palm full of change and told me to go ahead of her. Between that, the way she was dressed and the state of her hands I got to the assumption that she didn’t have much. So I bought her the biggest breakfast they had. She told me her name was Brooke.   She thanked me and I started prepping my coffee so I could run to class. I could hear her sniffling as I left. I know she was trying to stop crying. If I’d stayed I would’ve been late for class and that’s a bad look for a teacher in the first day.   I feel like I could’ve done more but I don’t know what. It’s had me pretty fucked up for the rest of the day.   Brooke, in the odd chance you see this, keep your head up. "	cc
"For the people who have multiple hobbies, which one is more important? How do you personally decide which hobby is more important to work on? Recently my hobbies include building my Chevrolet C10, messing around with my camera security system, and playing Magic the Gathering. I also dabble in some computer video games.  Currently I am working my C10 to get ready for the upcoming car show/cruise season. I also have 4 more cameras to install on my property, I need to wait for the snow to melt so I can dig a trench from my detached garage to my house to run the cat5e wires. As far as MTG, I haven't really played in a while on the basis that I really don't have any real life friends to play with and Friday Night Magic starts/ends too late in the evening to make it even enjoyable for me. As far as computer gaming, I try to stay off of them during the nicer weather months because I don't want to be cooped up in the house as much."	cc
"Feeling hopeless about life Been thinking about suicide for a long time now. I just don't see the point in living, I really don't. All there is to life is a bunch of hurdles to overcome with some good times in between, but is the occasional happiness worth all the strugge in life? I've been asking myself this question more and more often. Maybe I'm making it look worse than it actually is, I am just 16 after all.  Also, sorry for rambling I'm really not the best at speaking my mind."	sw
How is everything in the past so nice? The future offers nothing. That is all. 	sw
"Why is it so hard to improve yourself sometimes? I'm going on a really long self improvement quest. Sometimes, it seems like it's really hard to do and I just snap back to my old self and my old habits. Why is that?"	cc
"What’s your favorite video game romance? when it comes to the mass Effect trilogy, I’m a full fledged Liaramancer 😂  I’m about a quarter of the way through the vanilla game of the Witcher 3 and I like Triss more than Yennefer so far "	cc
"I don't know what to do My wife and I have both been severely depressed, to the point of suicidality. I'm 29, she's 26. I learned about two years ago that I am transgender. So I feel like I have found a way to ""cure"" my depression, but my cure is to transition and it is making her more depressed.  I haven't started any medical transition yet, but I have been transitioning socially for about 8 months. And my depression is lower and less frequent now than it has been in years, I feel like I really am doing the right thing for my own mental health.  My wife tries to be supportive. She uses my preferred pronouns and outwardly supports me, but it's killing her inside. She won't talk to me about it because she says I'm too sensitive and defensive about it. She has also said that I'm becoming narcissistic, and I can see what she means. I recognize the behaviors in myself and I'm trying not to be, but I think it stems from my trying to fight the shame of being trans that I've felt most of my life. My wife is openly bisexual (she came out right after I came out as trans) but she has never had a relationship with a woman. She has also been diagnosed with Borderline Personality Disorder, which makes her very hard on herself and gives her severe social anxiety. So she has nobody to talk to because she has no friends and isn't very close to her family. She's a very intelligent person, she just got her Masters degree and is going to get a PhD.  She also told me this morning that people with BPD have around an 80% suicide attempt rate. And that it is basically on her mind all the time.  I really really don't know what to do. I've found a treatment for my depression, but it's making her's worse. We've been married about 5 years and have talked about getting a divorce multiple times. But I'm afraid that if we ever actually did, the rejection would literally kill her. Or if not it would traumatize her so severely she wouldn't be able to recover from it.  I'm going to cross post this because I really need some help. Please."	sw
"I can’t wait for my root canal I always hear root canal horror stories but I’ve been dealing with a bunk tooth for around 2 months I’ll finally be able to enjoy a cold glass of water and ice cream without it feeling like I’m going to explode with pain, and I’ll finally be able to eat using the right side of my mouth so I won’t get dirty looks anymore about eating weird"	cc
"I'm waiting on everyone at home to get ready so we could all go to the Sydney Royal Easter Show. Who's up for a chat while I wait? Pretty much as the title says. We were meant to leave hours ago, but everyone's taking their time. I'm just in bed listening to music. How's everyone doing? Anyone been to the show yet this year? Any recommendations for what to check out?"	cc
i don't know what to put here I'm not quite sure where to begin. I'm nearly 19 but I've been experiencing depressive episodes and suicidal thoughts since I was 10 and 11 respectively. It's just.. so hard to go on like this. I don't want to die but I don't want to be alive even more. 	sw
When I open my bar I'm going adopt a cat for it... And name them Hops.  What would you name your bar cat?	cc
"No Point to My Existence I just can't do it anymore. My teachers and parents expect me to be some sort of prodigy, but they are so wrong. My grades are average. I'm the class freak that people socialize with out of pity. When I die, nobody will miss me, because you can't miss what you can't love. I'm giving myself to the end of the week for something to change my mind, but I already feel certain. The gun is only a few feet away."	sw
"How common is crying oneself to sleep? It's a new development. I've started doing it on a daily basis now, for no definite reason I can blame. I guess it's the long hours I spend studying alone. And everyone is busy so I don't get to go out much. I just wish I felt better.   Anyone going through something similar?"	cc
"What sports do you enjoy What sports do you enjoy watching,playing, talking about. I play lacrosse football basketball and do powerlifting so all those ill will be better at talking about then other sports"	cc
"I'm down, way down... Now I'm starting to pull those that care about me down. I'm trying to get help but I don't believe it will make any significant changes. I'm not 3ven sure why I'm doing it. I don't know why I do anything I do anymore. Nothing in my life is going to get any better. It hurts more knowing I'm bringing others down. I'm just fucking lost and I don't see things getting better."	sw
"how to cope with suicide of a loved one as someone who is suicidal? Hi, this is my first post on here, so sorry if I do this wrong or anything.  I'm 16 years old, and have actively contemplated suicide since I was 12. It continuously feels like it's getting better, then worse, in this gross cycle that I don't even know how to describe. Recently it feels like I'm drowning. Whenever it was so bad it felt like I was carrying around a yoke on my head, I saw a post on snapchat from someone from home that said ""Pray for the ***** family."" This last name was the same one as mine. As someone who lives in a dorm a few hours from home, I immediately thought something could be wrong with my parents. I texted them, but my parents and immediate family were both okay. I didn't think anything of it, brushing it off and telling myself it was some other family with my common last name, until I went onto Facebook and saw obituary upon obituary for my cousin. This hit me hard. He went to school a half hour from my house, was a soulful, kind boy who was a mere 3 weeks younger than me. We went to church together sometimes, and he was one of the most genuine people I could name. I couldn't find what happened anywhere, and I knew he hadn't been sick. I assumed something tragic had happened, like maybe a car accident, etc. My heart felt heavy, but I couldn't place why. The next time my parents came to visit, they told me that he had committed suicide. This was two months ago. I think of him every day. I witnessed first hand the grieving process of suicide in my family, and I can't help but think, what if that was me? What if that was my parents who were stuck in a depressive spiral after their 16-year-old, seemingly perfect kid committed suicide in their own backyard? What if it was my death that turned my whole community upside down? I can't come to grips with the situation. The day that he ended his life was the same day that I was contemplating ending mine. He ended his in the exact same way I was thinking about mine, probably 20 minutes away. His family is my family. I need help here. It's pushing me closer to the edge."	sw
"The most selfish letter is I - which stands for expectations. The source of frustrations were because we are living in a world of ""I"". Felt better realizing this. Watched [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7ZvTvRIpl3Q) video on YT. The guy have a point. I is the source of our expectations - which leads to frustrations because those expectations were not met. Realized it, felt a lot better. Starting a life of ""U"" instead of ""I""."	cc
"I'll never be rich And it always hurts me knowing that. All I want to go is be able to afford a $2,000 car that I want and have fun riding it for a few months and then I can die. I keep having these dreams where I'm rich and it ain't helping my reality. Fuck I just want to die quickly. I'm not the average joe. "	sw
"To people who hate themselves, I have good news for you! You do not hate your self because you’re still not being your true self!  You can change, and you will change, believe that. Do something you love today!  So, tell me what’s stopping you from doing that?  Have a wonderful day!"	cc
I currently feel down and worse than ever. every time I think I am getting better it's the complete opposite. when I talk about how I feel it's a waste and I want out!!! I have already started my goodbye letters but i don't know what else I should do. I want to do this the right way but it feels like i'm drowning 	sw
"Help, please. I'm 20, living with my bf and his parents, and was previously clean from self harm for a year. Previously. Last night I had a breakdown of sorts. I started thinking about where I see myself going in life, and the answer was.. nowhere. I haven't even finished highschool yet because I lack the motivation, i lose focus and I feel like a fucking failure for it. I don't want to work a dead end job, live in my shitty hometown and just scrape by. I'm so tired of this. I've been actively suicidal since I was 13, in and out of the hospital until I was 17 for numerous attempts and self harm, and because of it i missed out on a fuck ton of school and social interaction. I have social anxiety, so I'm sure the isolation was detremental to my development. I can't even make eye contact with the people close to me, I'm fucking awkward and can't hold conversation, and I feel like puking when people so much as glance at me for more than a second. I absolutely despise myself. Today i broke. I cut myself. And I feel numb. I don't want to tell my boyfriend (I'm not sure if it's because I'm scared he'll be angry at me, break up with me or pity me. I hate when people give me that look, like I'm some small hurt animal that they want to fix) but I'm not sure i can hide it from him. I don't wear clothes to bed often, so it would be odd for me to start after 3 years. I want to die. I've been thinking about it a lot, how much easier everybody's life would be without me burdening them. I don't want to go to the hospital. I hated my last therapist. I just want to end it. I'm unstable, useless, worthless. This sounds so fucking dumb but my childhood cat died last year and my heart is still broken. I miss her. I just want to be with her again. "	sw
"if i could confirm that i could see my own funeral and see how everybody would react if i committed suicide, id for sure do it the whole suicidal thing hasnt really been a big factor in the way i live my life, but recently ive been thinking about a lot of stuff so i just want some of your opinions.   I was at a good friends 18th birthday party recently and it was pretty good. I got to see some friends who I hadnt seen in a while and i got too meet some new people. Anyways around 2am the hosts parents come down and tell us that "" Bob "" tried to commit suicide with a broken bottle and they needed help. i saw him with the big cut going down his forearm and its been kinda freaking me out.  Ive had a few big break downs recently and i think ive come pretty close to doing it, but after seeing this at the party i dont know.   i've tried to talk to a few people about whats going on but only one person gets it. its nice when we talk about it and what we are going through, but i think hes getting better. Ive almost called 911 on myself because i think i may be a risk, but i also think im just seeking attention"	sw
"Losing everyone I feel like I've lost everything I've ever cared about. I lost my parents first when they decided that they'd abuse me, then my grandad, my friend committed suicide and it was my fault, two of the people supporting Mr now want nothing more to do with me and someone who was like a mother to me has just cut ties and left the area. I don't want to do this anymore, I'm sick of it. I don't know why I'm still alive rn, clearly there's no point"	sw
"I’m growing 3 of the hottest peppers: Carolina Reapers, Ghost Peppers and Trinidad Scorpions. I’m so excited and can hardly wait to harvest them! I’m not even that into hot peppers but I’m having so much fun growing these little guys! I’m pretty much just growing them to say I have grown them. All three have a Scoville that is way too hot for me! Regardless, I’m having a blast! "	cc
I need some un biased advice Hi guys so I recently got accepted into a good university which is 5 hours away  but my boyfriend did not ....sooo I have no idea if I should stay at my local university which isn’t a bad school either and it would only have to be two years and after that I can transfer to the other university. I’m really in love with him which makes this decision a million times more difficult and all my friends tell me I should go but I’m still confused. Any advice or sharing similar experiences would be appreciated. 	cc
"I'd like to hear about something hard you've overcame although you felt you could'nt For instance, I went through combat training in the IDF (Isreali Defence Force), without a lot of motivation. In the end I did have some motivation to better myself. It included being home around 4 days a month, running and staying in shape, walking long distances with a lot of weight, sleeping on the dirt, shooting, suffering an injury, guarding, being without my phone most of the week, eating awful stuff, no sleep some days, missing home etc..  But I did better myself, and came ontop in the end -being much stronger mentally and physically. Im 19 for anyone wondering Currently gonna go home only at the end of the month and guard some places. What about you? Make it long as well!"	cc
"Jobless, deaf and depressed $0 in bank, dropped school years ago, jobless for months, partially deaf with medical appointments coming up with no money to pay for them.  I feel like a complete failure to my fam.  Maybe it's better if I just disappear because nobody wants to hire a deaf dropout like me, especially in the IT sector.. "	sw
"My grades have me feeling trapped. I'm failing half of my classes and my attendance is poor, so I probably won't pass the 11th grade, and I won't graduate. It seems easier to just drop out but that's not a life I want to lead. I get fucked up on drugs and alcohol often to make the pain go away but it only ends up causing it's own problems. I feel like suicides the only option because if I don't graduate im going to be a fucking failure the rest of my life and I always end up feeling the world's passing me by. I have an amazing girlfriend that I'm deeply in love with and I think she feels the same way so I'm scared of what might happen to her if I leave her behind because she's depressed too. I have not told her any about how deep my feelings of depression goes and have never mentioned my suicidal thoughts to her because that's just something for her to worry about. I know my mother would be devastated and she's also depressed to the point that if I did it, she'd probably kill herself too. I can't go to her because she's already got too much on her plate to worry about. I feel fucking trapped."	sw
"My sister attempted suicide last night I hope this is the right place for this. My sister attempted suicide last night. She lives in another state and I’m flying to her in a few hours. Our mom is with her now. I don’t know what to do when I see her or how to support her over the next few days. Googling has mostly returned resources for people who attempt - any advice here?  She’ll be in the hospital for the next few days. I’m thinking of bringing some games with me in case she wants to do something, she likes games. Is that okay? Otherwise I just plan on telling her I’m glad she’s okay and offering my support. My family hasn’t ever been great with communication so I’m not sure what else to do, or how to support her from across the country when I come back home."	sw
"What do you love about yourself? I guess, I'll go first since there's no one to object.  I like how opinionated and straightforward/brutal I am. I should be apologetic over how many people I have offended and maybe exercise some self pity for the friends I've lost and I'm certain it will continue to bite me in the future, but in this moment I want to appreciate that conscience-lacking quality.   Make it fun, guys. It doesn't have to be the thing you love the most, so maybe ooze out some vanity or just something you wouldn't otherwise admit. Though I would admit mine anytime. "	cc
"I've given up I have suffered from depression for a long enough time now to have completely given up. I'm only 16 and I feel like my life is already doomed to fail. I'm not even able to try anymore, my body has just given up.   School is impossible for me, even the smallest tests and school days stress me out to the point of being sick or crying. I go to a therapist and I've tried medications, but nothing works. The medication has even made it worse for me at this point. (I have stopped taking the meds, since me, my parents and the therapist agreed that it was making me worse)  I've ""quit"" school like 3 or 4 times and just sat at home staring at nothing the entire day for 4 weeks in a row. I don't know what it's called in English (I'm norwegian), but i was once held in a place since I didn't go to school for like 4 weeks. It completely fucked me up and i now basically have some sort of ptsd (self diagnosed, so it's probably complete bullshit) thing or whatever. I basically just get horrified to the point of freaking out completely and just losing all control of myself when a person that could make me go back tells me that i might have to. I currently go to a school that's supposed to have a lot less tests, but I'm not able to focus so it doesn't help.   I don't want to kill myself, because i have friends, i have family. I have all these things that should make me happy, but since I just don't function that well (My entire body hurts all the time) I am 99% sure I'm never going to be able to get a job or anything like that in the future. Even the smallest tasks like making some simple food, that requires an oven or something like that stresses me out enough to make me cry.  I know that I'm young and ""i have my whole life ahead of me"" and all that garbage, but I really just feel like that i won't be able to work or anything because everything just stresses me out so much.   I just don't know what to do anymore. I don't even know why I'm posting this as I can't help myself, so why would anyone be able to help me?"	sw
"Is anyone else infatuated with bed sheets like me? Does anybody have any particular thoughts and perks when it comes to bed sheets?  Personally, I think solid colored sheets are a bit bland. I prefer for bed sheets to have some kind of pattern on them, as it gives the sheets a little more pizzazz.  I really enjoy character themed sheets, especially since I'm a huge kid at heart. I really love my Spider-Man bed sheets and plush blanket! :)"	cc
"If it wasn't for music I would of killed myself by now. I've always been described as someone with potential. And potential is all it was. I've been good at things, and just dropped them. I feel hopeless sometimes, a failure.   I've never had someone on the regular around to talk to, or a hand to hold. I don't have anything in common with my parents, and I won't talk to them. I feel like my friends are fake. Don't even bother asking me if I've had a girlfriend.  Music is the only reason I'm here. If you know, or have felt that ""Wow, life is incredible"" feeling, nothing else gives me it. Whether I'm at home, lying on my bed, listening to my absolute favourite album of all time shutting out the rest of my surroundings (Porter Robinson's Worlds) or at the front row at a concert in absolute euphoria, it always seems to pull me from the pain.  Can anyone relate?  "	sw
"Probably the best Easter ever I just saw Panic at the Disco live, for free, for the first time. My life is complete. How can I ever achieve that level of happiness again? But honestly this is the most fun I've had in a very long time. My mom's face through the concert though, especially because Brendon greeted us with a ""Hello you sexy motherfuckers"" "	cc
"I impulsed bought a nerf gun! I drink bough a nerf gun on amazon 2 days ago for like $10. It got delivered today and I can’t believe how much fun I’m having! My husband and i have been taking turns shooting at each other and target practicing with our cats toys. I’m not sure how to transfer this into a conversation, I just wanted to share how much fun I’m having. "	cc
"I'm terminal My doctors have given me 5-6 months. Waiting to die is the most gut wrenching thing I've ever been through. My heart is failing. I am on the heart transplant list but chances of me living long enough to receive a heart is slim and holding out hope just makes it hurt more.   I have no real family anymore that's keeping me here longer than I can take.  I have ran through all possible ways I could end everything. So it's on my terms and not a guessing game of when and how painful. Because every morning I wake up is another morning in limbo, with my friend and the man I love (only two people I really have) trying to keep a brave face whenever she and he interact with me. I can tell it breaks their heart.  Are there anyother terminal patients that struggle with suicide contemplation?"	sw
"3am i just need to vent cuz i can’t sleep not sure if this is the appropriate sub for this, sorry  to start off, i am a lesbian.  my girlfriend and I were in a long distance relationship for 5 years, almost 6 she visited me in october of 2017 for what would be the last time; stayed a month and then went home. we had a long conversation about loneliness and family the day before she left. i thought things would be fine.  shortly after arriving home she became very distant with me and blamed it on a sudden depressive episode; i believe this still because she’s had problems with that in the past. she expresses that she is suicidal and of course i’m worried for her. after a few weeks of sparse interaction and me freaking out a lot, she says she’s going to get help and then pretty much drops off the map for me. i am convinced she has killed herself and lied about going to the hospital.  what i don’t know is that she’s blocked me on pretty much every platform, and decided to move on with her life; i did not find out about this until february, so around three months later (after effectively failing to get in touch with her or any family, and pretty much grieving someone i thought i had lost to suicide)  i also struggle with mental issues (bipolar and ptsd) and i felt i could not cope with this, so i saw a counselor and a doctor to medicate me and help me move on. i was beginning to feel like i could move forward with my life, however after finding out she just ghosted me and nothing happened to her, i had a huge nervous breakdown and relapsed.   since then, i have lost a lot of weight from just not eating and i find myself crying constantly, like, inconsolably. i’m unhappy, i’ve withdrawn a lot from my social circle and i’ve dropped so many hobbies that used to make me happy because they remind me of her. i have nightmares about her damn near every night. i have no idea what to do. i really just want to lay down and die.   i don’t blame her at all. i respect her decision to leave me in whatever way she’s chosen. i just don’t understand why i wasn’t even worth a text or a phone call telling me that it’s over. i don’t know how to pick myself up. even when i try, if i manage to get through the whole day without thinking of her, i still have this stupid recurring dream of carrying her body to a train station to go to her funeral but fucking up over and over and taking the wrong trains or not having the money, losing my ticket, etc etc  i can’t even tell anyone because i’m not out to my family or current friends. i figured i’d feel better writing it SOMEWHERE at least.   i know this is like a first world problem, and i’m being dramatic but it hurts so much. its been months but i still haven’t gotten over it. it’s just a stupid breakup and EVERYONE has those. i don’t wanna die but it feels like i’m kind of wasting away anyway. i can’t force myself to eat or take care of myself or talk to anyone.  anyway thanks for listening"	sw
I don’t know what’s holding me back at this point I’m so so tired of living. I’m only 19 but life feels so unbearable. I’ve been in and out of hospitals for previous attempts since I was about 14. Now I’m pregnant and the baby’s father left me. My mom is kicking me out this weekend. I have no money. No job either. I wish I had friends but I push everyone away because I’m “too sad”. I don’t know what to do anymore. I feel like a shitty person too because I have nothing to really be sad over there are so many more people in this world that have it worse off but here I am still feeling sorry for myself and hating my life. People have told me it gets better and I’ve waiting a few years seeing if that’s true and it’s just gotten worse honestly. I don’t want to even try to make things better at this point I literally just want to die. I don’t know what’s holding me back. I just wish I had a gun so I could just put a bullet through my head. That’s my ideal way of suicide. If I try hanging I just pussy out. Idk why I’m even posting this at this point just hoping someone will listen.	sw
"Decided to audition for a play I've never acted before, aside from school plays. I went to go see a live play last Saturday and I absolutely loved it. I went with a friend and she invited me to audition with her for an upcoming play.  I'm excited, yet nervous because I have no idea how the acting life is like. I have some friends who are willing to give me pointers, so I'm thankful for that! "	cc
"At the Guam Airport for the next seven hours. Hi reddit! I have a shitty connection that goes through Guam, so I'm stuck in the airport for a good long time. I'm traveling alone, and don't really want to just sit and read or whatever, so I figured I'd ask for ideas, or stories of bad connections, or anything else. If nothing else, I'll be a captive audience for anything you would like to talk about. "	cc
"How do I ask the question ""Do you have a problem with me?"" without sounding attacking? I think one of my friends is mad at me for something, but I'm scared if I just ask ""do you have a problem with me?"" it will sound mean as if I'm attacking her. I know she's sensitive to this stuff, so I don't want to sound like I'm accusing her. Is there another way to phrase this question?"	cc
"There's a wolf spider in my room. I don't know where it is now. It's almost 2 AM and I can't find it (; _ ;).   I was working on my computer when my cat ran under my desk. Thought she was high on her catnip or something. The longer I watched her switch back and forth between the sides (there's a platform with my desk just above the floor), the more I thought it was a cockroach (something I loathed as much).   Well, something went near the boxes I've yet to put away (oh, how I'm going to HATE cleaning it now). My cat, Monsoon, was sniffing quite a bit in the corner. That was when I went to get a hardcover book, preparing for the worst. Oh, I thought it was a cockroach all right. I shined my phone light where it was likely to come out. My room's pretty small so I had to be quick before it reaches under my bed.  But no....  What came around? Well, first I heard it. It was crawling out all right. Slow and steady. I was ready. Then I heard the orange bag that was on my floor begin to make creasing sounds. Like something...heavy. I saw it, right then. He was a big one all right. But oh no, not a cockroach...a freaking wolf spider. I could only mouth what the heck before Monsoon made a dash for it.   It KNEW what was going to happen. Never did I actually encounter a wolf spider in my room before and it was HUGE. Just scurried off as Monsoon tried pawing after it (she doesn't go under the bed, of course. Lazy cat.). I about wigged out yelling at Monsoon, ""Kill it!"". Stood on a chair and everything to make me feel ok. Then my Aunt came in to help, tried to take it out with a shoe at one point, to which it jumped about a foot in the air, making us scurry out of our room. Apparently she didnt mind them but I might have freaked her out a little. I get fearfully excitable if that makes sense. Because I was so busy running out of the danger zone, I don't know where it's at now. We looked in the closet. We looked under my bed and all things to look under. I'm not planning on searching for it in my laundry basket anytime soon.   It's been 4 hours now. I now believe I have a full on arachnophobia issue. I freak out at the very sight of it.  Do I just let it be? I especially don't want it climbing my bed. This is the worst hide-and-seek with a spider I ever had, and I'm not having fun one bit. I even have most of my family history in boxes too...all fit in my closet...  I apologize in advance for the text (on mobile) and if this is probably not the right sub. I guess I'm on here to find at least some sort of comfort in a conversation. I'm probably going to say screw it with my sleep at this point. I don't know. What would you realistically do in this situation?  On a lighter note, how are you all? It's quite nice out here tonight. "	cc
"I enjoy writing, give me something to write about. I'll take any genre, any scenario you want Hello, So I enjoy writing. Like i said just give me something to write, I don't want it to take me that long to write, so they may be short.  Also if you don't have anything you want written we could chat about something.  So what will it be?"	cc
"My Professor legit just walked out on the class because nobody was participating. Now I have an hour to kill. Have you guys ever had a teacher/professor that just... left? We have a midterm on Thursday and today was study day, but the professor said that she refused to guide the study session and that if we had questions, we had to ask them. Since nobody was asking questions, she gets up and says ""Since none of you are participating, there is no purpose in any of you being here. I'm heading back to my office, I got the attendance, goodbye!"" and she legit left us. Everyone was sitting there like ""Is this woman serious, shes really not coming back? Apparently, no, she's not coming back because we watched her walk back to her office. On the brightside, I have a paper for another class due tomorrow, so now I have time to work on that, but I still can't believe she left us. "	cc
I just want someone to talk to I feel like the world doesn't want me I just want to hang myself. Anyone awake or free to talk or if not that’s fine everyone hates me.	sw
"If your friend thinking about killing themselves, would you want to know? I feel like telling my friends that I'm suicidal would just stress them out and be an enormous burden on them, but I don't want them to blame themselves or feel like I hated them when it happens."	sw
"if I die by suicide we are here only to die in the end. we all die in different ways, some early in life and some later. if I die by suicide tonight, then I have lived the life I was supposed to live. I die by suicide for a reason.   if I die, no one will care. I have no close friends, in the end both my parents hate me, my siblings and their friends do not like me, no one talks to me, everyone hates me. I am so so very tired of having to fight so hard everyday to just get through the fucking day. I'm done. I will be doing everyone a favor."	sw
"nobody would give a damn if i died right now I have no friends. They all ditched me. They all hate me. Every single one. And I don't know what I did wrong for them to stop talking to me but it doesn't matter.  My best friend since first grade, who is also my crush, won't even talk to me anymore. Just out of nowhere he stopped talking to me. They always go everywhere without me and I know that he has parties and goes to places and doesn't even fucking tell me because he proudly posts it on snapchat.  I've cried for help so many times and nobody will answer.  My parents didn't want me. They should have never had me.  If i died right now, nobody would care  The only reason I'm still alive? Because I may not have a ""real world"" life, but I do have an internet life. Yes, I have friends on the internet, but it's not the same as someone who can physically talk to you and hold you.   I don't care if people on the internet ""cared about me"". Bullshit, if I stopped messaging you right now you'd move on. Internet relationships are not the fucking same.  I will never find love, romantic or platonic, in the real world  I don't know what the fuck is wrong with me but obviously I keep doing something wrong, if I can't figure it out I'll just kill myself"	sw
"I don't know how much more I can take I used to believe human beings are resilient, but the more I observe in my own experience, I realize how fragile life is. For whatever cruel reason, I've witnessed my mother, ex,and countless loved ones lose their ever-loving minds to paranoia or psychosis or drugs. I feel myself also losing grip on reality. I'm constantly traumatized by existential or nihilist thoughts, despite how fucking naive and sensitive I am. I'm just shy of 20 and I'm engaged. Never thought I'd be the type but I found solace in another troubled soul. We've both been working on ourselves and our mental health but some nights I feel so close to just throwing my hands up in the air. I let him down, I let everyone down all the time. I can't get out of my head, I can't see what's clearly in front of me. It's taking a toll on me physically. I can't eat or enjoy food, as sexual as I am, I have a hard time having sex anymore. I am underwhelmed and disappointed in everything. My hair is falling out. I am terrorized by nightmares that don't make any sense and I'm miserable and lost, with no direction really and I'm low on will to keep fighting."	sw
"Designer clothes (#85) I was talking to one of my friends earlier about clothes for a little bit. Her family has more money than most of our friend group but she is super humble about it and not many people are even aware since she doesn't flaunt it. However, when she goes shopping she does tend to go for the big designer brands because she can afford it. She always offers to pay for everything for everyone though because she understands that she is more fortunate financially than most of her friends and she doesn't like seeing people suffer money wise or in any other way. I always try to refuse when she does this just cause I'm not a fan of people spending money on me. I also joke and tell her that I always go straight for the clearance racks when I am out shopping (which ins't really that much of a joke since I do honestly do that, but it's just fun to joke about with her). She was saying tonight that we should go shopping together for our athletic banquet in May and she said we won't go to the super expensive stores even though she wants to get me designer type clothes/items. I told her that for the past three years I've gone to TJMaxx and gotten my dress for the banquet there.  I personally have never been a fan of designer clothing. All of the big names in women's fashion (that I'm even aware of because I know barely any names) just don't look cute to me whereas the more affordable stuff generally looks better and fits nicer on me.   This could also stem from the fact that I just automatically put down anything that has a big price tag as unappealing to me. Growing up my parents struggled to pay bills and I watched as my dad worked his ass off to get every promotion possible to be able to get a bigger paycheck; he even needed to get a second job for a while. My brother really liked the Nike Air Jordan sneakers and would buy them constantly, to the point where my parents would yell at him about money. Me, leading a life where my entire goal was to avoid being yelled at, saw this and determined that spending money was a bad thing so I always saved. Not to mention the recession started when I was about 10/11ish and I still think we're in it even though I know we're not. These are just some of all the factors that have made me someone who watches my money a bit too closely. Designer brands are beyond luxury and I have no interest in ever getting them for myself.   Also some girl made fun of me in high school for not knowing who Tory Burch was and when I googled it later in the day I saw that those clothes were really ugly and expensive personally.   What's the most expensive clothing item you've ever bought for yourself?  Can you name the designers for any of the clothes you own or do you not even bother looking at the tags?  How conservative/frugal are you with spending money on yourself?  Do you know anybody who is well off financially but still a good person?  What's a trait you developed because of how you saw your family act as you were raised?  ---  ^^This ^^is ^^post ^^#85 ^^out ^^of ^^~~365~~ ^^360something ^^with ^^my ^^goal ^^to ^^have ^^a ^^conversation ^^on ^^here ^^every ^^day ^^of ^^2018. ^^Feel ^^free ^^to ^^comment ^^on ^^anything ^^I've ^^said, ^^answer ^^my ^^questions, ^^or ^^just ^^talk ^^freely ^^about ^^yourself ^^even ^^if ^^it ^^doesn't ^^relate ^^to ^^the ^^post. ^^I'm ^^here ^^to ^^chit ^^chat.  ^^It's ^^been ^^[12] ^^days ^^since ^^I ^^last ^^missed ^^a ^^post"	cc
"I'm at the zoo by myself I was nervous to come by myself as I have some pretty bad social anxiety, but I'm so happy I came! I don't know about where you're at but winter has seemed to take up permanent residence here. Today is the first sunny and semi warm day I've had off in months so I took advantage of it even if no one else could join me. I get to walk at my pace and look at the red pandas as long as I want... It's great! I feel really proud of myself and I didn't know who else to share it with!"	cc
Boredom-The cruelest mistress I’m totally completely absolutely unequivocally painfully bored to death. #smalltownblues 😂 so what are you guys up to? Looking for inspiration here my dudes whatcha got?	cc
"I survived On the 26th of March. I decided to end it all. I was found and just released from the hospital. It's been a bumby ride, but I'm glad I'm still alive and getting the help I need. I was found in my room with my wrist slit and a bottle of pills.  Edit: My Story  On the week of the 26th of March. My wife told me she doesn't want to be with me anymore. We got married this past December. I was heart broken and I wanted to know why. All she told me that she's a horrible person and doesn't want to break my heart.  I don't think she realized that's exactly what she's doing. She hasn't been talking to me and I've been having panic attacks or well really bad anxiety. I tried my best to keep the marriage alive. I wanted to fix things, but she wasn't doing anything. I felt empty, heart broken, and not loved. She's my world and I love her. She then told me that she was selfish of saying yes to my proposal. After a 2 weeks of that going on I couldn't bear with the pain anymore. Sleepness nights and thoughts of suicide. I wanted to hang myself. I didn't want to feel anymore pain. On Saturday March 26 I got home around 12pm in the afternoon after working +24hrs straight. I decided that it was time. I accepted my fate. I new this was real and death is death. I wrote a note for anyone who found me on my bed.  I needed to go to work that same day at 10pm. I took 2 pills of Ambien. 2 then turned to half a bottle of 10mg. I proceeded to grab a kitchen knife and slash my wrist multiple times. As I layed there with tears I was thinking about my wife. I just wanted to hear her voice one last time.  To my surprise she answered and I was crying and told her everything thing is going to be alright, and it wasn't her fault. She alerted the police and as time passes my door is slammed open. The rest is history to my recovery."	sw
"I want to go home I am home...physically. I have such a great boyfriend. I know I will hurt him, but I hurt him more by existing. I have no money, no future bc I fucked up my studies bc of my depression. He supports me so mich he suffers from it. I don't want to be a burden. I am going home for real monday morning. "	sw
"Having a hard time eating meat lately About a month ago, I saw some stuff on Reddit about how we've basically been conditioned to be cool with eating certain animals and how that varies from country to country. In terms of which animals are cool to eat is what I mean.  Whenever I eat meat lately I've been like what in the fuck. It's been freaking me out. I haven't eaten red meat in weeks (not a fan of pork) but haven't felt too off about chicken. I've been eating seafood without guilt.   I have seen documentaries like Food Inc. and whatnot, but damn. I've never felt hyper aware of the idea of it being a farmed, sentient being until now.  Do you eat meat? If so, why? If you're a vegetarian why are you a vegetarian? Are there any meats you won't eat? "	cc
"Closing shifts at work. I'm not sure what it is about closing I dislike greatly. Maybe it's cause I am more of a morning person in general. Or in most cases, business feels slower at night. Maybe it's the fact that I get home late. Or I always start falling asleep on the train.  Either way, I'm left pondering while I eat my dinner; just a bowl of white rice."	cc
Sports issues Me and my freind who are both in eigth grade but don't go to the same school. I only get to see him while playing sports. Well the highschool was short on goalies and he got moved up to jv. I am a defender and they didn't need any of those. So I have to stick on the 8th grade team. Just bummed i don't get to see him. I'm talking about lacrosse by the way. 	cc
"I'm staying with an abuser hoping he will kill me because I'm depressed My husband has strangled me twice in the last month, in addition to other forms of physical and emotional abuse.  I'm a disabled person and I truly do not want to live anymore.  I believe suicide is wrong though so I'm staying with him hoping the next time he chokes me he will end my life. It would be an act of kindness.  I'm 38, sick, and I have no friends and no hope."	sw
"I’m killing myself next week. That’s when the blades are coming in the mail. I was ready to do it today, but had no supplies. I’ll be posting my story and shit like that before I do it. I’ve spent my whole life keeping everything in. I’ve never told anyone my actual thoughts I have on a daily basis. Hopefully it helps some people out, idk. We’ll see next week. I love you all"	sw
I️ failed my driving test today I️ feel like a failure even though I️ know I️ can drive. I️ went over the speed limit in a residential area which made for an instant fail. I️ was psyching myself up for just about everything else and ended up speeding in the end.  I️’m just really disappointed in myself is all— how’re you all doing?	cc
Would really like to kill my self I moved away from my old city kept contact with a of my old friends and have told them I'd like to kill myself. But it seems like they're getting tired of me telling them cause half the time they dont respond. My sister sexually abused me as a child and now I hate being touched by a woman and fear them and have never been in a relationship. I can't figure out what career I'd like to go in and even if I did the local college offers very little and nothing I'm interested in. I have no car so I can't even go where I want. I've told my mom about this a lot and when I told her again last night she just said not this again. When I told my dad he just saw said forget about what happened and get confidence (just get it out of thin air I guess) I've seen a therapist yet for about a year yet it it didn't help whatsoever. I mainly can't go back seeing one because they're all an hour+ away and my parents won't drive me that far. I'm at my wits end and just want to end it all I'm so fucking tired.	sw
"Sitting here on my phone, with my dog, about to kill myself. Please help. Alone in life. No friends no girlfriend. Worthless. Useless. Gonna do everyone a favor. "	sw
"How do you guys deal with friends who are very introverted? I always make plans to go out but everyone would rather stay at home. I try to plan things that they might find fun but they never communicate or give their opinions. I suggest that they choose what we do but they don't,  they just have the same ""whatever"" reaction to eveything. Don't get me wrong, they are great people and I love them deeply, but I'm so tired of not doing things because they ""don't feel like it"". I want to travel and go out often but I just don't have the guts to do it alone. Any suggestions on how to deal with this? "	cc
"First Day!!! So, due to recent events I had to get a second job. The only thing hiring within walking distance (no cars) was Denny’s, so to Denny’s I went. I’ve never been a server before and was really stressed, but today I had my first shift and was waiting my own tables by myself half way through! I even got a compliment from the district manager!!! Apparently I have a real knack for it and I’m very excited to have this for a second pastime. I was having a really down week before this all, too, so finding this new ability has really boosted me!  I’m still runnin off this coffee fueled happiness, so if anyone has any waiting tips (pun intended) or stories, let’s chat about it!!!"	cc
"Getting Tired of Things Easily I am still studying so I don’t have a permanent job that I am tired of or anything. But I what I do find myself getting tired of easily (that is glarrriiinnngg all the way from the hollywood sign) are artists.   One day all I do is watch videos of the artists, listen to his/their songs, having them on replay throughout the entire day, and having my mind filled with countless thoughts of him/them. But the next day, I could be feeling nothing and move on.   It’s as if once I take a liking on something, I become obsessed with it, but I quickly get over what’s “new” once it’s no longer one. My friend once told me: If you had a bf you’d get sick of him fast and change to another (which, jokes on her, I still haven’t had one).   Is it normal or alright to feel this way? Does it make me less intellectual/emotional as others?"	cc
"That lethargic feeling as soon as you finish a good book/movie/game Been thinking about it quite a bit lately since I watched this great movie last week.    Anyone else sometimes just rewatch, re-read, or replay, etc. in hopes of trying to get back into that feeling of immersion? It's rather sad to me that the 'magic' feeling of it gets lost as soon as you finish it.  It's the same as replaying the same song over and over again- after a while, it just starts to get a bit dull.~~although I don't deny the fact that there might be few exceptions~~   Felt like getting this off my mind. It's a thought that makes me feel a bit gloomy sometimes, especially after you haven't really discovered something new that would be considered better than your previously seen best."	cc
"2 Hours. Then I'm gone. 2 Hours, and then I'm going to do it.  I'm going to hang myself.  I know I'm a burden on everyone around me and that I'm not wanted around.  I'm so tired of feeling depressed and alone.  I feel like I've lost a close friend of mine because I feel depressed.  There's no point staying around any longer or putting it off."	sw
"Found My Roommate - Called 911 Not sure if this is the right place for this, but wanted to reach out looking for help.  I got home the other day to find a note from my roommate. He was sitting in the backyard, so I went to talk to him. I didn't know why he was sitting out there, but the note concerned me. I tried to get him to go to a hospital with me, he called the note a joke and that he should have thrown it away. The note concerned me enough that I called 911.  Once the police arrived and shined a flashlight on him, they saw the cut on his wrist that I had missed. They involuntarily admitted him to the hospital.  They're holding him for 72 hours, and then I don't know what happens. I don't know if he'll hate me or what. He doesn't have any family, and the hospital won't tell me what's going on. When they took him, they left his phone, wallet and keys at home so even when he gets released I don't know how he'll get home. There's so much running through my mind right now that I don't know what to do.  Any help/advice would be appreciated."	sw
"I hope someone reads this, even if its one person. I want to get some stuff off my chest, it's too much to tell my family so they won't know why I am killing myself I feel like a literal dysfunction of the brain. I've been mentally and physically abused from a very young age until I was 7, although, it still felt like quite a normal life. When my dad left and I was just being raised by my mom it was the best time of my life. As sad as it is, from 7 until 13 was the only time I ever had friends. Actual genuine friends who I had fun with and considered family. During this time though was when one of the contributors to my fucked up brain was coming to fruition. My brother introduced me to porn, when I was very young. He taught me how to masturbate and that evolved into me and him masturbating under his sheets together. Then one day he proposed the idea that we jack each other off while we were taking a bath. (forgot to mention he is 3 years older than me) This caused me to have a fucked up psychological state for a long time. I thought I was gay for a long time even though I knew a hundred percent I was attracted to women. I have fucked up sexual desires due to this. I'm attracted to my fucking cousin. I'm not gonna go into more depth about this because it's too painful being self aware of the fucked up thoughts I have. Anyways, we moved to Jakarta when I was in grade 7, that's when my social life ended. All my traumas came back and I just couldn't socialize. It was terrifying and I ended up becoming addicted to my computer. I had no friends for 2 years and only superficial relationships with other losers. In my freshman year I took some action and went out to parties. Went out a few times drinking until I met some other people that were pretty cool, I still kept up a fake persona so I could not connect with anyone. Drank at least once a week. Then I moved to Kyiv in grade 10, my first school I went to was terrible. All my fault, because I ruined it for myself, I closed myself in with defensive walls, and was an unintentional asshole causing everyone to hate me. I dropped out to do online courses suddenly by just not showing up to school one day. My mom allowed me to do that because she noticed the dire situation I was in. The online courses turned into me spending a whole year in one room without leaving almost ever. I played games and watched movies and youtube videos. I coped with my shitty life by drowning in dopamine giving tools on my laptop. My mom went crazy throughout the year because I was failing the online courses and was just fucking around. In this year I met one guy, I'll call him Owen. Me and Owen weren't really friends. Just two losers who got together because we were rejected by all others. Me and him smoked a lot of weed together. I don't know why I smoked weed because every time I did I became extremely anxious and closed off. He witnessed my mental decline first hand. He definitely noticed I was not okay. We also discovered hard drugs that year. We met some guy that became our drug dealer one night when we were searching for a strip club. One thing led to another and we met some ukrainian pimp who also deals drugs. The first time I asked him if he had ecstasy he said yea, and when we actually got it, it was some paper with a MOUND of white powder. We didn't know it was speed at the time, we had absolutely no idea what we were taking. We didn't snort it, we ate the speed. The night started out, we felt the effects about 20 minutes in. It was crazy. Too fucking crazy. I started talking non stop. I think I was repeating the word fuckin all throughout the night. The most terrifying thing was that we both blacked out for a majority of the night, and my mom was about 10 meters away in her room. He stopped talking, all night he became a mute. I was terrified. I thought he had lost his mind. So I panicked and was trying to get him to say something, literally anything. It was a clusterfuck. We could have easily OD'd that night, the fucking drug dealer was trying to get us hooked so we would be recurring customers. I black out, and then I hear my moms voice at 8am in the morning. As soon as I hear her voice I snap out of the trance. Still fucked, I had to go to the store with her and her friends. We went and as we were going I was trying to keep my cool although still tripping hard. Anyways I did it just fine, my friend stayed at my place and said he saw ghosts. I did this stuff a few more times, it got to the point where I starting picking through the carpet, looking for anything that ever resembles speed to get another hit. I stopped myself before it got too bad. Then we discovered ecstasy. Oooooh man is ecstasy wonderful. It is honestly one of the highlights of my life. Still gonna do it again sometime soon. When we started out we did it too often. Like once or twice a week. I'd be trying to trick my mom into giving me my allowance by changing the progress bar on the website of my online school. It worked a few times. After bingeing a lot we decided to take it easy. We did some research on how to roll safely, and tried. I still pop molly to this day but a lot less frequently. The molly was also pretty bad, it contributed to my intense depression. After a year of absolute hell, I was ready. After only socializing with Owen and my mom for a year I wanted to be better. This time I was gonna be outgoing and have lots of friends. I started school again at the other international school. My first day was cringe but far better because I was optimistic. To give you an idea I introduced myself to a group of guys in my grade, nearly my whole grade, and when they asked where I was from I said, ""I'm white""(I met some other guys that were pretty cool though"". Now we're at the part of the story where I am living now. I've made a decent amount of friends. Still don't consider them close friends. More like school friends. I've blocked myself off with my ""Defensive walls"" again, and this time people don't hate me they are just weirded out by me. Still though, I'm proud of what I've achieved. I get invited to parties, and what not. I still feel empty though. I feel like I want to improve myself but I don't have the energy to do so. Even if I wanted to, I would be working at a lost cause, because I feel that due to my experience my brain is deteriorating and I am incapable of being who I want to be. I'll never become someone I'll be proud of. I'll never be proud of myself. And above all. I am literally unable to have a human connection. I've lost touch with family. Even the mom I live with, I do not connect with her. I've lost 99.9% of my social skills. I am beyond salvageable. I feel like all of that can be fixed by just erasing myself from this world. Death is natural. I do not belong and that's fine with me. My existence will only cause more problems in the future, for my family and for those around me. My children will have my dna, which will leave them handicapped. We are all part of the game of life, natural selection is selecting against me. I guess I am just not meant to be. I am going to kill myself, but I am letting this come to the grave with me. I just needed to tell someone, just needed to get it off my chest so at least one person could see this. I feel like an asshole for killing myself, because I know it will cause immense pain for my mom and my brother (which I do not hold any grudges against despite what he did, he was young stupid and also traumatised), I hope they will understand, and if not I will explain when we meet again where this fucked up life of mine is out of the picture."	sw
"I woke up this morning and just started crying. Not the kind of casual crying that I do a lot where there are silent tears that start and stop on and off for a few hours. The loud, painful sobs where it's hard to breathe because everything is too much.   Nothing even happened to cause this. I just woke up. And suddenly I just felt the crushing pain of having to be alive, to exist, to be awake and conscious of my loneliness and worthlessness. I feel sick to my stomach.   I just want to die so badly. All of the little things that have kept me alive thus far are either evidently impossible or else people who clearly don't care about me. My plan is to try to make it until the end of the year to see if I can get anything to change but I'm starting to feel I won't even be able to make it until then.   I knew this week long break where I would be sitting around and doing nothing would be awful, but it's somehow even worse than I thought it would be. I just needed to vent I guess. "	sw
fuck tbh like fuck being trans and fuck having a job and having to go to school and having to like present to people and be fake to get along with others and fuck being happy I’m just waiting to build up the courage to finally kill myself. been waiting a while but we’ll see. about to just munch a bunch of aspirin and hope I barf at work or die or something 	sw
"Maybe when you die You can reroll everything in your life and get to build a new body for yourself in the next life. On the likely chance there is no next life, that's fine too."	sw
"It has been a year since my fiancee walked out on me. I do not feel better. No one can give me the life we made together except for her and I'd rather die than live this inferior existence. I screwed up the most incredible, wonderful relationship I ever could have hoped for with a girl who was so perfect for me. We travelled the world together, she was so adventurous. Countless countries, I have photos of us everywhere, doing everything.   I don't believe in anything supernatural, but being with her was so perfect it was like I'd found a soulmate.   Unfortunately a couple of years into our 7 year relationship I developed terrible depression and anxiety due to a really messed up childhood. I tried to beat it a couple of times with sustained efforts over the years but allowed it to consume me too much. When you're that depressed in your worst times you don't realise how much you have to lose and take it for granted. I took her for granted. She worked out multiple times a week, studied hard and got an amazing job, met lots of friends and came home to me at the end of the day.   I put a lot on her, leaning on her for support and not giving enough effort to find a decent job, make friends or take care of my appearance. I'm quite naturally good looking and every time we did anything together we had incredible fun so I guess that was enough for her to stay attracted for a long time but eventually she just saw me as needy and not the man she wanted to be with for life.  A month after leaving me she met a doctor who loves travelling and they have been enjoying the life I always desperately wanted to have with her. I spent the first six months unable to leave the house, a wreck. The next six I worked like crazy, meeting tonnes of new people and going to the gym every single morning, desperately hoping she'd see and have second thoughts. I got promoted at work, although its still not a particularly impressive position. I am in a better place but no matter what I achieve I have to live with the fact that she is gone. It makes everything I achieve not worth it. I have my apartment full of things I want to enjoy with her, it feels so empty. I break down every couple of days. It's not depression. I know depression better than most. It's just pure fucking sadness that she's gone.   I spoke to her a few days ago about what I've been up to, I pretended to be happy hoping that she would see I've changed. She just seemed happy for me and felt comfortable telling me how happy she's been too.   I just can't carry on like this. I am so full of regret, so full of pain. I can be in a room with 10 friends and feel lonely because I miss her. Why live like that? Why?"	sw
"A funny mistake (#97) ^^^Today ^^^is ^^^the ^^^100th ^^^day ^^^of ^^^the ^^^year. ^^^Fun ^^^fact. ^^^^(I ^^^missed ^^^three ^^^posts, ^^^hence ^^^the ^^^numbers ^^^not ^^^aligning)  My dog is currently asleep on my left arm and it has no feeling. Not important but oh man I want to move.  Today I was on the 6 train heading downtown. As we were pulling into 14th street/Union Square the train conductor started making announcements as required explaining what stop we're at and what transfers are available. I was only half paying attention because I had headphones on but I did hear her say "".. 42nd street with connections to the 7 and shuttle to Times Square ... "" and I thought that was odd because I had gotten on the train at 42nd street so I should've been much further away. Then there was a pause where she must have realized her mistake and then started saying the correct stop and all the trains you could transfer to. But what made this great was she was laughing the entire time. Her laugh was so genuine and hearty too which made me smile but when I quickly glanced around the subway car, nobody else seemed to be paying any mind to what was being said. For the rest of the time I was on the train she got herself under control and correctly announced all the other stops.  I just found that moment to be a particularly nice thing that happened today. I have no idea what was going through her head that made her confuse the stations but she owned it and was able to laugh it off. Nothing interesting really ever happens to me on the subway (thank god though) so that just made my commute a little nicer.  [Wanna see the sleeping beauty?](https://imgur.com/a/QvjL8)  Can you believe we're 100 days into the year already?  Anything funny happen today?  Do you have a morning commute story that sticks out as something that usually doen't happen?  How good are you at laughing off your mistakes?  ---  ^^This ^^is ^^post ^^#97 ^^out ^^of ^^~~365~~ ^^360something ^^with ^^my ^^goal ^^to ^^have ^^a ^^conversation ^^on ^^here ^^every ^^day ^^of ^^2018. ^^Feel ^^free ^^to ^^comment ^^on ^^anything ^^I've ^^said, ^^answer ^^my ^^questions, ^^or ^^just ^^talk ^^freely ^^about ^^yourself ^^even ^^if ^^it ^^doesn't ^^relate ^^to ^^the ^^post. ^^I'm ^^here ^^to ^^chit ^^chat.  ^^It's ^^been ^^[24] ^^days ^^since ^^I ^^last ^^missed ^^a ^^post"	cc
"Who is the greatest actor of all time and why? Who is the most outstanding actor you've ever seen in a film/telivision/stage production, and why would you consider them the best?   Also can you give examples for your reasons?    My pick would have to be Denzel Washington, not only was he fantastic in Remember the Titans, a movie about racism in sports and becoming a stronger team through loving diversity, but he's easily able to transform himself into any character he wants with certain ease. He's one of the biggest names in hollywood which is why people continually want him to be in their movies. Outstanding actor and definitely a worthy contender for ""Greatest actor of all time"""	cc
"Nobody cares That includes you guys. Everyone in here, looking through posts trying to find someone in the same situation they're in so they feel a bit less alone. Everyone half heartedly commenting bullshit about ""talk to me, I'm a good listener *hugs*"" and then stops responding two messages later when they realize how heavy your pain is. Everyone in real life that asks how you're doing, then acts like they didn't hear you when you say ""bad. I'm doing real bad"". Because that's so confusing. And you know what? This shit is anonymous so I'm going to jerk myself off a bit here. I have *never* left a single person who I have thought was suffering until I know I've helped them. if it's a long term problem then goddamnit I'll keep checking in on them, making sure they're ok, forever. I've been checking in on the same friend for three years, someone I barely talked to, because he seemed to be in a bad situation. I've skipped classes and labs to console friends in bad situations. So what did I do to deserve all these sympathetic passers-by's? Why do I even hate myself enough to need to fucking talk to anyone? I considered seriously killing myself a couple times so far this year. and it showed. there's zero chance people didn't know. I'm literally breaking down. I'm non functioning. my mind is frozen. my body is broken. my will has degraded to nothing. I was already a husk, so I don't know what I've become now. Dead. I'm dead. All that's left is that final, technical switch keeping me alive. so why then. why is it that even as I walk to deaths door I get stabbed in the back. by people who are like me even. what the fuck is wrong with you people. what the fuck is wrong with me.   I'm so tired. I'm so fucking tired of being sad. it's been nearly 10 years with this shit i know because i marked the anniversary of my first depressive episode. it's in 4 months. I've effectively been refused from going back to 3 therapists (think uni counselors) because they said I'm just too fucked for them, and to try to find someone else. the only people I talk to are gonna stop talking to me when I shave my head (crown thinning+manbun=nobody notices) because that's what people do. they leave when you show weakness. and then I'll go back to being alone. and I don't know if I can do that again. I can't go back to being alone after knowing them. did you know they took care or me when I was drunk? these people sat with me all night, said they loved me, gave me a place to stay and breakfast in the morning. my family wouldn't do that. but they're human, in the end. when I break down, really break down, there won't be a person who can say they didn't know. they'll leave me for someone lower maintenence. and I'm close. I'm Leonidas, walking towards Xerxes in that last scene. I've faced all the arrows and I'm still stumbling on. but there's a final volley coming, and I don't think I'm doing to survive it. I don't know what the arrow that kills me is going to look like, but it's already left the bow. better start preparing to leave a pretty corpse.   Now try to pretend you care, you depressive philistines. tell me about why I'm wrong, or why my attitude is all turned around, or why life is worth living and send over those Internet hugs that seem to mean so much to you. tell me I don't exercise enough or how going bald at 19 isn't bad. Tell me that friends don't mean anything, as long as you learn to be happy on your own. Send over that tough love^TM that simultaneously lets me know how stupid i am for feeling like this and also doesn't even try to give an alternative. Give me those same garbage coping mechanisms you give to all the broken people that post here, and pray to God that I decide not to take you up on your offer and send something to your dms, where you'll have to pretend to care for *even longer*. or maybe you won't. maybe you'll see all this hateful garbage I'm spewing and you'll decide that I'm not worth the time it takes to comment. I'm not worth your effort, to try to fix this cynical mess. I understand that. I wouldn't comment on this cesspool of a post either. the vile writings of a pouting child who comments on suicide boards, insulting the people who try to help others. I get it. and in a sense I'm sorry. but in a much more real sense, I don't care at all about how this comes across. take it how you will. comment or don't comment. delete this post or ban me. whatever. but at the end of the day, as angry and angsty as I sound, I'm right and you all know it. and shame on you if you pretend to care about people just to make yourself feel better. Happy Easter. "	sw
"im just doing it so someone will notice me, attention whore. i just want someone who will actually notice my fucked up shit. if suicide is what it takes then fuck me."	sw
"Suicide in Portland, OR I've booked my flight. I used to live in Portland, but I made the stupid mistake of moving across country, to live closer to family.  When I get to Portland, I'm taking an Uber to a bridge, and then I'm jumping. No return flight, no hotel, no Airbnb, no seeing anyone. I'm done.  It's a beautiful city that I've always loved. I promised myself, years ago, that I would die in the Pacific Northwest. It's my only real home."	sw
Hi everyone. I normally have bad social anxiety but I've had a few drinks and i'm feeling like chatting. How's everyone doing? For context: Right now i'm drinking Glenmorangie 10 (not my fav but it was a present so can't complain) and unashamedly singing along to sea shanties. 	cc
"How do you guys spend sick days? I'm just home from my second ever dose of chemo (anyone else have hodgkin's??) and though I'm feeling pretty okay in the grand scheme of things, I do totally feel like I've been poisoned...   So I'm wondering, what do you guys do when you're feeling under the weather? Any suggestions for me? Personally I think video games are a savior when you feel crap, if only cause they're such an excellent distraction. And then going outside too, weather permitting! I find fresh air and seeing the sky actually does wonders. That and copious amounts of tea will heal anything! "	cc
"I don't know how to deal with this situation. I'm in a really bad situation right now, and I really don't know what to do. It's a very long story and I'm really not comfortable posting all of it so publicly, so I would really appreciate if someone who is willing to listen and can give me some advice about it could private message me.  I am female and a guy hit me outside a club the other night because he was pissed my friend didn't want to fuck him, he actually stalked us to the club (we didn't invite him). My face was bruised, my parents found out some of it and they are extremely strict and controlling so I am in a lot of trouble with them (I can't stress how much trouble I'm in right now, they might lock me up in an institution, and if they tell me I have to go there, I'd rather kill myself instead, I've been there before and it was the worst thing that I have ever experienced). Drugs are also involved.   I really need to resolve this, both with the guy and my parents, and I have no idea how. I am so stressed and I don't know what to do.  "	sw
"Some words are weird I’ve been saying the word “door” for a while to myself now and it doesn’t really sound like “door” it sounds more like a weird sound but it’s still “door”. It’s very strange, it’s almost as if it isn’t really a word anymore."	cc
I have decided to end it at 19. It has become too hard to handle. Every day I find it harder to keep on living. Others around me seem to have it all. People have ignored me for a long time and this is just too much now.   I don't know what to do to be honest. Please help.	sw
Nothing feels good Me and my girlfriend who I loved dearly just broke up a couple days ago and nothing feels right. I had a future planned with this girl. She was my everything. Now I cant stop thinking about her and I’m in such utter agony. I want to die and I go from feeling okay about things to this sadness where all I wanna do is pick up a knife and end it. I know it’s not the end of the world but it feels like I’ve lost everything that I felt good about. 	sw
"Cant handle the stress I'm in a high stress program and I'm too mentally ill to handle it. I'm on meds but it's not good enough. I don't know what I was getting myself into. I can't handle the criticism without crying.  I'm also recently out as trans (female to male) and while everyone around me seems accepting, I feel like a joke. My parents also do not accept me for being this way.  How do I go home and not swallow all my pills and end up in a hospital bed like I have three times before? I don't have time for therapy and things aren't slowing down for awhile. I'd like someone to talk to who isn't my partner who wants to solve everything."	sw
"I'm puzzled by how busy parents spend time with their family Sure your dad (or mom) won't be home until the day is over. Apart from that and weekends/off days, when do busy parents find the opportunity to be with their family? Does the provider of the family sacrifice family time for work or do they find a way? Also, if someone is very busy with their jobs, should they get married? I mean, what about their partner and maybe children at home?  It's such a difficult concept for me to understand as my parents divorced while I was very young and my mom is constantly busy at work. Thinking about that always makes me look at parents with awe and how they work hard for their family."	cc
"Just Don't know what to do anymore I've posted on here a few months ago when I was feeling some of the worst emotions in my life. Since then I've gotten better I've seen a counselor who wasn't very helpful, I must say. I mean she did give me some advice but for the most part everything was always ""how are you managing your symptoms?"" What if I don't want to *manage* my symptoms? What if I want to fix my life so I can be happy again. The problem is that I don't think I'm meant to be happy. Every time I try to get somewhere in my life I just end up worse off than I was before. Here I am a college student about to graduate and I have no idea where I'm going to go from here. To be honest I never thought I'd get this far. I thought I would have killed myself by now. I just don't know what to do. The only dream I had was denied from me so now I have to get some job that means nothing to me. My worst fear will be coming true. I'll be winding up just like my uncle who does nothing but go to work and then come home just so he can repeat the cycle the next day. That'll be me just working some pointless job until the day I die. I wish I had never even gone to college if I knew this was going to happen. Being ""professional"" just isn't a part of who I am, in fact I don't think it's a part of who anyone is. When was the last time you ever called someone that as a compliment? Never. To me that word means nothing but ""phony."" I don't want to be someone who sits behind a desk and forgets that they're not any better than the people toiling away in the factory. I guess I just see death as the only way out. I want to be happy. I want to make a difference in the world, but right now neither of these things seems possible. I just can't help but wonder if my existence was just some kind of cosmic mistake. "	sw
"20. Anyone else been through a long-term illness? Isolated at home since November. May only recover fully by next month (May). As a 20 year old, its honestly depressing seeing everyone doing something while im unnecessarily forced to be stuck at home. My illness disables me to think and speak properly for now so yeah. Doing anything is a struggle. Share your story if you have. "	sw
"Do you do what you want in life? Do you do what you want in life? Do you settle doing something that you are not really interested in? Do you work a job that you are only working to support yourself? Why don't you take the risk and try to do what you really want? You only have one life, this is your one chance, so why not go all out. Don't spend your life building up someone else's empire... Build your own. Do what you want in life because this is the only time you can."	cc
"Anyone still writes postcards? I still do, and I love them, both receiving and sending them out.  I backpack quite frequently and make friends along the way. Those I vibe well with, I always suggest writing postcards. A little old school, but really neat way of keeping in touch. Feels much more personal than a text. It's a little surprise you never expect, and it completely makes my day when I open my mailbox in the morning! I imagine it brightens their day when they receive it too, so I write the customary one everytime I hit a new country 😁"	cc
"I'm a chill dude who likes circles if ya want a person in your Reddit circle, pm me. no bamboozles I promise. I just want to be like tom, and be everyone's friend "	cc
"First time for me that suicide is a realistic option. First of I'm not a native english speaker but I will try my best here.   For the last 6 years life has been pain for me. Depressions, Anxiety, Panic Attacks, Mental Breakdowns I've had it all. Today I woke up and I just couldn't take it anymore. I'm done with life and I lost the hope that there will be a day where all this pain ends. I can't find an answer to my problems and I don't have the strength to continue searching for happiness or peace.  Suicide comes to my mind more and more often now and it feels right to think about it. I am scared of doing it but I really don't see another way out of all this.     "	sw
"I don't know what to do anymore My mom passed away nine years ago and since then I've suffered with severe anxiety and depression. I've been in and out of therapy/counselling the entire time to try and come to terms with it but I'm at breaking point and I don't know what to do. I'm so lonely, I don't have any friends that I can hang out with and I haven't been in a relationship for 4 years. I struggled with being bullied at university, so I locked myself in my room. I didn't talk to people for over five days and was constantly inside my own head.  It's sounds sad and weird, but I spend my time creating my own friends and relationships in my head to help me get through it all. I haven't had any friends for the past 4 years and when I do try to make some, I'm constantly conflicted because I struggle to get close to people. I hate moaning, whining and feeling sorry for myself but I'm at the point now where I want to just kill myself. I try and think it'll all get better but it never does. I'm never happy, my positive outlook is now constantly negative. No matter how hard I've tried losing weight, getting a better job, being more trusting and talkative, I just end up being the one who lands flat on their face.   I spent the day contemplating who would get what of my belongings. I considered writing a will as well. All of these thoughts are normal now and I feel like I'm that far gone that no one can help me.   Thank you for reading until the end.   "	sw
Noose's are Suprisingly Easy to Tie I learnt how to tie a noose yesterday and today my girlfriend and I found an apartment for July. Too bad I'll kill myself before we get there. Too bad I can't stop crying all the time. Too bad I can't stop cutting myself. Too bad I can't feel better. Thankfully noose's are surprisingly easy to tie. 	sw
It is surprising how little work you accomplish when you do nothing all day. :P Anyone else have a case of the Friday's today?   I had a bad case on the Monday's this week (everything went wrong!)   The week has felt extraordinarily long (probably because I didn't get to relax AT ALL on the long weekend) and it is finally Friday and I have zero motivation to do any sort of work.   How's your Friday going? 	cc
"What to do about girlfriend cutting herself due to depression? Hello Reddit,  This website has become a savior for me, not only for entertainment but genuine advice. My girlfriend has a history of being depressed (not officially diagnosed). She has episodes of closing herself off due to internal pain, and just last night she told me she cut herself because of how depressed she was. I don't think she is suicidal, I believe it is NSSI (Non-suicidal Self-Injury). I've been telling her to seek professional help for awhile now, but she always turns a blind eye to that advice and refuses to go. She's in college right now, and I think she is beyond stressed because of the workload. Besides maintaining her grades, she is also in a sorority that requires her to be at every single event so it takes up a ton of her time. She's told me she has trust issues and generally doesn't open up to friends that she doesn't consider to be her closest. I'm at a loss for what to do here. I want to handle this properly and make her get better. I've pretty much become the only person she feels comfortable enough to vent her frustrations and thoughts. I don't believe she was ever abused when she was young; her parents also love her and care about her. "	sw
"""You don't look depressed"" ""you don't look depressed"", ""you don't have ADHD or depression stop making this up for attention"", ""stop faking it"", ""You don't have the right to be depressed"", ""You attention whore"". These words make me just want to end it all even more I just turned 13 this year and now confessed, I've had 16+ failed attempts ever since I was 9 and when I try to explain what's wrong I get told this bullshit or get ditched. It just hurts more, everybody expects others to help out. My friends tell me to go to my family, my family tells me to get over it, I feel so damn hurt it's like fucking hell. We're only in 7th grade for fucks sake. And people now expect me to be a psychopath for being depressed. Saying that I may also have BPD makes them even more unaccepting of me, and it really hurts. I can't handle this anymore, the people who accept me for who I am I don't have the courage to talk to about and don't feel like I belong with anyone anymore, the ones I trusted just ditch me, my family tells me to get over it. It hurts I just want to die, what's worse than being depressed since 8 and attempting suicide at 9? Being treated like dog shit for admitting it trying to get support, only to get even more lonelier. Now I just realized the people who accept me for who I am but telling those who I trusted how I felt and getting ignored all the time makes my trust issues even worse. I know some care, but I don't have the courage, I'm too weak for this world, I can't handle telling my own mom the truth. I feel like a big fat liar who is never trust-worthy. Putting my trust into the people I thought were right for me was a huge mistake, now I only have 4 months till school ends to tell the ones who truly like me."	sw
"No point anymore I feel like just ending it. whats the point? oh live on and continue to feel lonelly and numb my whole life? fun. I lie about how i feel to my family, i completely distanced myself from my friends. one of my friends texted me, saying she was worried about me. one. no one else cares.   i feel dirty and worthless, only being able to act right because of a damn pill. i cant cant any motivation for doing literallt anything other than sitting on my ass and doing nothing.   i shouldve killed myself in 8th grade, all the people i knew then went out of their way to make sure i knew i was no better than dirt. and they succeeded, you could literally torture me for hours and i couldnt tell you one fucking good thing about me. there isnt anything even slightly redeeming about me. im a fat, ugly, anti-social freak, with a broken brain. i feel bad for my parents for having a useless, embarassing son. "	sw
"Was drunk last night and wrote notes to my friends and family, woke up to find this one and cried. Dear Me, I know how hurt you are, I know how sad you are. But one day, one damn day, you’re gonna look back and think, wow, times sucked back then, but I got through them. I’m happy with my family of four and I’m happy with my beautiful wife. The Godfather of my children is my best friend and they always ask to see him and we always do. We wake up every Sunday morning to eat pancakes and head to Church. I work at a job that helps take care of my children and wife, plus I make enough to hand over some money to my mom and dad. I’m happy with my life and don’t wish any bad upon myself or wish to die anymore.  At least, I wish that’s how my life could’ve been. "	sw
I sat with a loaded gun to my head today I went downstairs to my basement to grab my ps4 to move to my room and sitting by it was the .223 my dad said he got rid of last year. I sat with it to my head after putting ammunition in it but something in me didn’t want to pull the trigger.	sw
"I'm so tired of screwing up. I found out a few years ago that I have bipolar and PTSD. Sure explains why I've spent my whole life screwing up and destroying relationships. Yet again I've ruined a wonderful relationship with my issues and now I'm living alone with my cat. Everything that I love I've had to send away because of my bad choices with relationships. I keep trying to improve myself and be a good loving partner, but I continue to have issues and can't get any better. I'm so tired of being a disappointment and a burden on others. I've attempted suicide more times than I can count, been in ICU at least 3 times for overdose, but I've become very serious about really making sure I die. I see myself hanging from a tree in my yard. It would truly be a gift to those I love to release them from the burden of dealing with me."	sw
"Nothing ever gets better does it? Too tired to keep typing the same shit over and over, I'm just done. The past few days have worn on my sanity, I can't take it anymore. Life is pushing me to kill myself, I don't know why keep pussying out and just fucking do it already. "	sw
"Really disappointed when I don't take the opportunities to kill myself I get the perfect window of time to do it, but for some reason end up distracting or questioning myself until I'm out of time. Then when it sinks in that I've missed another perfect opportunity, I'm hopelessly disappointed that I didn't take it. "	sw
"Suicide Prevention Lifeline website chat is really discouraging Throwaway. I know its not perfect and they may have a shortage of counselors, but I feel like the website chat is very discouraging. Some people may not want to call or talk in person and will resort to the online chat. Clicking on the chat option, it puts you on a waiting list to speak to a counselor. Someone who is in need of urgent care and help, waiting a very long time might discourage them. Just my two cents."	sw
"Suddenly having a strange craving for fish all my life I've hated sea food and last year I decided to try fish and chips. It wasn't that bad but I wouldn't say it was great. Suddenly for some reason I've been craving fish for the past few days. I've been watching fish cooking videos and recipes, ect. Any thoughts as to why I'd be craving a food that I generally don't like?"	cc
Everybody leaves. I can’t fucking do anything right. I’m trying to cut deeper and I just can’t fucking do it. I can’t even do that right. 	sw
Time Travel Investing So for the longest time I’ve had this thought about if time machines were real I’d go back in time and get something like Action Comics and Spiderman first issues but then I kept thinking wouldn’t appraisers think that the comic was fresh off the presses and therefore think its a fake or would there be a prove that the comic is that old.  The other option would be to bury it someone in a time capsule and dig it up but there’s no guarantee that the capsule would still be there nevermind that the comics could get damaged beyond use   	cc
"I can’t stop thinking about it. It’s a constant battle to convince myself out of suicidal thoughts. It’s just a common thought in my mind now and today I had to stop and think about why the hell it was popping into my head. I love my life. But yet here I am thinking about how easy it would be how quickly I could put the little trivial things that cause me such anxiety and depressive thoughts, to rest for good.   I need help.  But what kind I don’t know. I’m on meds I have tons of support. But I just can’t shake these thoughts.   What should I do?"	sw
"Do you think it's condescending to tell a child 'Your parents raised you well'? I remember my mother telling me off when I was eleven for going to school with muddy trousers. I'd played a bit of rugby after school and wore the same trousers the next day without washing them because I didn't consider it much of a problem at the time. My mum was upset that I hadn't washed them or wore clean ones, and when it was clear that I didn't understand the problem at all, she threw in that it also makes teachers think that she's not looking after me. I didn't understand this at the time, because in my mind it was my responsibility to wash my clothes not hers, but as I got older this memory stuck with me and I realised it's the truth. The way a child acts and appears reflects massively on the parents, but as a child I didn't view it that way.  So my question comes from last night. I was playing the game *Fortnite Battle Royale*, and for those not familiar with the game you can get paired up with three other strangers and have to work together to beat all the other teams. Teamwork is essential, and using your microphones to chat is also really useful.  I was paired up with a twelve-year-old boy and two American college students. I don't usually like playing with children, but this kid was pretty polite and a nice guy to play with. He wasn't good at the game, but he did his best to share all the items he got with the team and gave us all the info he had so no problems there.  Something that bugged me though is that the two other guys repeatedly told him 'your parents raised you well' whenever he said please/thank you or helped us out. He always replied with an awkward laugh and a 'thanks', but to me, it seems condescending to say that kind of thing. I didn't speak up at the time because that would make things awkward. Thinking back to my muddy trousers story, when I was a child I disliked people relating my actions to my parents.  What do you guys think about this kind of thing? "	cc
Planning to an hero Its cause I am a ugly and worthless bye whoever reads this	sw
"What can do two old friends do during a meetup? So one of my old friend just invited me to hangout, we haven’t seen each other in say 4 years. We pretty much have nothing to do, and I don’t want to not go to the meetup, but there’s nothing to do there and I am afraid it’ll turn awkward.   It’s a mall and well there’s arcade, theatre and the normal stuff you’ll find in a mall. I really don’t want this to become an awkward meetup after four years of not seeing each other, any advices is appreciated. "	cc
"maybe I should do it Waited almost a decade for mental problems and life to ""get better"", and they didn't. All the people who talk to me about suicide do it in a very limited way (platitudes etc.) or they eventually ghost it makes it look so fake. Sucks that (a certain subreddit which I think got my post autodeleted) got banned they felt more real in a sense. I'd prefer to talk to them, if anyone knows where I can find such people (specially on Reddit) PM me."	sw
"Did I try to kill myself? I hung myself using my belt and a wardrobe doorknob. I lied down there, waiting to lose consciousness, but after a while I got up because it was uncomfortable. Does that count as a suicide attempt? Or do I have to wake up to people crying and screaming at me?"	sw
"I’m not sure if I’m suicidal or something else? For a tiny bit of background, I’m in my first year of college and it’s been very hard. Had a few self harm incidents, was in the health center for a few days, breakdowns, anxiety attacks, one week long depressive episode where I missed a shit ton of class (which made stress worse). Part of it was my fault because I wasn’t taking my meds consistently (and lying to my mom saying that I was), but even now that I’m back on track (for two weeks now!) I still feel “off” a lot of times.   I kinda just want to go away for a bit, but I’m not sure what that means. Being dead sounds nice in some moments, but not in others. I just feel empty? I’m not sure what to do. I can only see my counselor once every two weeks so I feel lonely most of the time."	sw
So bad that I feel like I’m living with strangers My thoughts and everything. It’s like I don’t even know my own family anymore. 	sw
My mom took her life My mom took her own life and I have missed her every second since. My heart aches. I think of her often. Every moment I get. I wish she was still here. She was my best friend. She was my everything. 	sw
I think I might drive out to the beach. Or go to the woods. I want to be easy to find but not so easy that my family can find me. I also don't want to endanger any first responders for my selfish shit. Would the beach be best? In my car? Idk. 	sw
A storie that's true and wanted to have some insight on I'm not going to make it super long so here's the little storie. Me and my freind were walking when we saw a kid with his eyes completely rolled back walking and listening to music he walked in between me and my freind and kept walking don't know what was wrong with him. this is my second time doing this because last time it got banned for having an abvious anwser 	cc
"i am not coping, can't get up and go to work. started picking places to die. it's almost 9am and I'm supposed to be at work but i'm in bed.   I haven't had a good day since I found out my best friend from university got accepted on to a prestigious free Masters programme.  Since we both graduated together in 2016 (fine art), she's won a 20k fellowship (i came third in the same student prize, winning £6000 that is all gone now). she's also been granted 20k in government funding and she's done an alternative masters for a year. On the other hand, I have lived in 7 different places in two years, was traumatised by my mothers age-gap husband trying to come on to me, ended up in an abusive relationship that only ended when i ran away in the night, spent 6 months severely depressed and unable to find work, suffered a mental breakdown and had to move back in with my mother. I now work at a gas company doing entry level admin. I am 29 years old.  Recently I went to see a mental health nurse and she told me that I am not able to regulate my emotions because my parents never showed me how. I don't feel any hope that I can learn, I feel like I had no hope from the beginning. I feel like my blood is doomed.  I sometimes wonder if I am fundamentally unable to experience happiness. It seems like, my whole life, I have had a void inside me and nothing will fill it at all. The only thing that has ever come close is when I was making art and getting recognition for it. Now, to see my friend live my dream while I have to live with the consequences of my inability to make decent decisions or any progress as an individual, is intolerably painful.  There is something seriously wrong with me. I believe myself to be broken beyond repair. I look around at the wreckage of my life and I feel no desire to try to repair it. I have no interest in battling SO HARD from here just to have to settle for the shredded scraps of life i'm capable of salvaging. They aren't worth it to me. I know I will never be able to be content with that meaningless slog existence, merely surviving. The opportunities i had to work hard have passed me by and so I don't see that i have a future worth living for. I am a woman and I find nothing more laughable and pathetic than the idea of an aging female delusional artist thinking she has something worth sharing. That is so embarrassing to me, I feel i have no choice but to kill myself. I have looked up articles to try to find reasons to live. Many say that the future is an unknown and that we create our own destinies. I know that my destiny can only go as far as my abilities. I am not talented or personable enough to create the life I truly want. I'm unable to accept less. where does that leave me?   I've been researching the best places to go to die. I already know that the best way will be walking out into the sea. I don't think i will pick anywhere meaningful. I started scrolling around my map app to see if any coastal town names appealed to me.  I wish i didn't have to worry about my parents. I wish they understood that to force me to live out my days in constant disappointment and pain isn't kind.  "	sw
"What are some educational and entertaining right-wing YouTube channels and news outlets? I'm looking to balance my political views and get differing perspectives. I especially like things that emphasize non-formal exchange/debate like Change My Mind (LouderWithCrowder), TheAtheistExperience, and a few things I've seen on This Week with Andrew Neil."	cc
"April Fool's reddit! I""m just trying to find out something.  It's just a question.  I swear it's not a lark.  I'm interested if reddit is doing something like it did last year.  It was very cool!  I have to write multiple sentences because the mods are making me do this.  I really really just want to know what reddit is up to this year!  Because last year was so cool!  don't delete me again mods  pleeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeease!"	cc
"Anorexic, depressed, heartbroken , in mourning, desolate.          Could my life get any worse, save me. I think I’m anorexic, I feel fat, even though people keep telling me I’m getting way too thin, my parents beg me to eat but I don’t want to, my depression is way more powerful than my hunger. whenever anyone sees me almost naked they tell me they see the bones of my pelvis and they see my rib cage, I only have 4 spoonfuls of food everyday for the past days because I don’t want anything, I just want the person who broke my heart to come back to me, I just want to speak to my friend (whom I lost to suicide in feb). My parents try to take me out, I try to focus on my hobbies and my academics but I just don’t want to, people keep telling me that will get stronger, if anything I just keep getting weaker and weaker, and recently I just keep screaming my love’s name in my sleep. It pains me how much he hates me now (more info on my circumstances in my previous posts) . I keep a chart counting up how long I have been suffering, and you would be surprised when you see it. "	sw
"Good documentaries Sometimes i just want to watch something factual. My interests are World War 2, college football, dc comics, space, cars, twilight zone, Jimmy Stewart, James Bond to name a few. Have any of you seen anything in these areas lately that made you say wow that was pretty cool?"	cc
"I'm on vacation by myself on the other side of the world for my birthday, and I don't have anyone to talk to because they're all sleeping. I am trying hard not to feel lonely. :p Thought about livestreaming some of my time here to interact with people, but because of the time difference, all of my friends and family are sleeping. Figured I'd try chatting with people here.   Anyone doing anything exciting today? I'm at my favorite place in the world right now, a ryokan in the mountains in Japan.  Edit: I also really miss my puppy!  Edit 2: [Here's tonight's dinner](https://imgur.com/a/f04Ip)"	cc
"I'm heading out I've had a bag in my room with a noose laying inside of it for weeks now. I've been really hesitant to go outside and set it up somewhere far away, but now I made sure to intoxicate myself enough so that I don't have to rationalize anything anymore and just get it over with.  It's currently 3 am where I live and I think I'm finally ready. Just wondering if anyone would be willing to try a last minute effort to change my mind, (really drunk sorry if incoherent)  (Edit: I'd like to thank the people that reached out but I guess I can't bring myself to respond to anyone, this was a pointless effort)"	sw
"Last day of being 17 years old! Tomorrow is the big 1-8 for me. I'm having a family lunch then seeing my beau in the evening for a cozy night- no partying, because it'll be Good Friday and nothing will be open, plus it's illegal to buy alcohol on that day. Normally I observe Good Friday as a solemn day but perhaps I can make an exception tomorrow :)  I feel like I should do something in my last day of being a minor. Probably dance to [this song](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xFrGuyw1V8s), or [this one](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-gcs_wyw5s0) or get arrested for trying to buy cigarettes.   What do you guys recommend? "	cc
I failed I have to confess  I have cheated on my gf two months ago and I don’t know why. I’ve failed. The only promise I gave her. She was the best thing in my life but since we broke up my life started falling apart. I can’t live without her I miss her so much  I can’t sleep because I’m still thinking about her. I sleep 3 hours at night. My grades dropped and work efficiency too. I can’t do anything about it. I don’t have the strength. Everything hurts  I miss her so much and I can’t take it any longer. I just wanna hang myself and end it all. It’s too much  I have no one to go to. No one to ask for advice. My family hates me and I have zero friends. I’m hopeless.	sw
"Body image is simply the bitch of all bitches. I know I've lost a significant amount of weight in the last few years but I have a hard time internalizing it. I know I'm 30 lbs lighter because the scale told me, but to my eyes my body is just one massive imperfection. I'm a dancer so my body is on display all the time and I'm always receiving compliments about my weight loss, and it's nice for my hard work to be recognized (it's been three years of slow but steady progress) but I still can't internalize it. I've spent too many years hating myself and falling asleep praying that I'll wake up a completely different person. The last three years I've stayed in the gym and counted macros, developed a way better relationship with food and found the support of my best friend who struggled with similar issues. Basically I changed my mind and my attitude, and my body followed. All these things combined and I'm in the best shape of my life, I love seeing my muscles and having big biceps and quads, LOVE finally feeling comfortable at work and on the beach but I still. Can't. See it.   Last night my coworker gave me the nicest compliment about my current muscle tone, and I kind of shrugged it off...she looked me in the face and was like ""can you really not see it?"" She actually looked concerned. I have no pictures to compare myself to because I literally never took photos of myself, maybe one shot of my face every six months and NEVER anything with my body. I still have zero photos of myself even at my current weight because I'm petrified of being on camera...gives me anxiety to the point of actually getting angry with the person trying to take the photo...wtf is that about, hahaha. My mom has always called herself fat and ugly and whenever I've called her beautiful she answers every single time with ""no, I'm fat."" There's no convincing her otherwise. It's incredibly sad and heartbreaking to know she hates her looks. She also refuses to be in photos and I think I get my camera shyness from her. She's never EVER called me fat or put my body down but she has said many times ""you get your body type from me, im so sorry"" and her and my grandma have never hid the fact that they pride thinness in my family and conflate thinness with beauty. Basically I was raised with a fucking extremely negative body image that's carried into my adult life. I'd call myself fat and my mom would be like ""no you're THIN! you're thin as can be!!"" I knew it wasn't true, and I wish she would have just said ""yeah maybe, but you're still beautiful!"" Instead of lying and telling me I was ""thin"" when I knew I wasn't...now I feel like everyone who compliments my body is lying to patronize me... fucked up and crazy complicated, I know hahahaha  Regardless of how I was raised, now that I'm an adult it's my responsibility to heal myself and create a better body image for myself and love myself unconditionally (and to be sure I never pass those modes of thinking on to any potential children I have or kids/teens in my life) But it's so hard when my eyes and brain are showing me something different in the mirror. "	cc
"I love orchestra I just wanted to tell everyone how much I love orchestra. That's my favorite class of the day. There's never a day where something funny doesn't happen, everyone is so nice, and my teacher has to be the chillest teacher I've ever met. All of my closest friends are in it, and I never leave that class unhappy. Does anyone else have a class or a part of their day that they just enjoy like that? Because it's nice"	cc
"Feels like I'm losing my mind Some time around december, I started getting depressed. I was doing super well in life, and then suddenly my progress paused and I just sort of fell into this. I started feeling sad, anxious, the whole works. Then my life started back up again, and great things happened in my life, but I'm only getting more anxious and depressed as it happens and that's affecting what's happening in my life. I got accepted into a prestigious and exclusive improv comedy group, but as I feel like I'm spiralling out of control, I can't perform anymore and I feel like I'm a burden and the group regrets accepting me. My schoolwork is getting affected and my grades are dropping because my mind is always elsewhere. Worst of all, I just can't seem to talk to people anymore and I feel like all the people/friends I have, new and old, see me as some sort of freak right now because I'm really struggling to talk and be social. My mind is just constantly racing and miserable, and I don't know how to fix it. I don't think I could ever commit suicide, but I certainly have started thinking about it a decent amount and that scares me, because I don't want to think about it, and I'm afraid I might actually consider it if my life continues in its current direction. I just needed to get this off my chest. Thanks"	sw
"Lost everything, cant go on i miss her so fucking much she was my last thread connecting me to this world.. Used to ive in australia found a thai firl we were mad in love for 4 years, i helped for the visa and then i was on her visa then i got anxiety depression made her go through tough shit had to go back to france to heal, she then broke, and never talked to me again .. nothing worked all the pills all the therapy , ETC, sports..but i  mustered the courage to go back and she was just so cold not even to meet some explanations.. then i go out yesterday with our old friends but she wasnt there and after around the end of night some dude tells me she is with him its been almost a year (i had some suspicions saw a few pictures a bit close to him ask a friend to ask if she had a boyfriend and she said no..why... I was like almost dreaming about her everynight or having nightmares while she was getting fucked.. Im not hungry, girls dont interest me, she was my only small meaning.. This existence man i dont want to give up on her but yeah im a worthless piece of shit. I could get girls but i just want her, maybe my BPD is strong.. BPD MDD OCD anxiety alcohol and benzo addiction sprinkle some mdma. I really want to fucking die i have suffered too long made my mom go into depression.. And lost the girl of my life.  And i learn it on april fools day FU GOD "	sw
"I don't know if I can do this anymore. I'm so tired. I have too many issues that seem (and probably are) insurmountable for me and I feel as if my only way out is to just end it all. I've had these thoughts for years but now they're daily. The only thing stopping me from doing it is the fear of hurting my friends and family, but I don't even think me being gone will matter in the long run. The world goes on with or without me, so why shouldn't I just fucking kill myself? I don't know what to do anymore."	sw
"I just handed in my EPQ! For those that don't know an epq is where you write a 5k essay about anything, do a presentation, and do a production log tracking your progress. First time I've done anything like it, but I just handed it in and am looking forward to all the free time again. Another thing printing is expensive for sure.  Contemplating on getting a Nintendo switch to reward myself for finishing it. To everyone else Have a great day."	cc
"Loss is not a single moment. Loss is not a single moment, loss is amassing. It's the sound of your son crying in the back seat of the car when you finally get the guts to leave. It's the sound of your own violent crying when they tell you that you have to give him to the man who bruises you. It's the sound of the person you love calling you a liar. It's the sound of the last 6 months flying past as if you're in stop motion. It's the sound of everything you've fought so hard for, and built from the ground up crashing into itself around you.  It's the taste of blood in your mouth. It's the taste of the birthday cake you made for yourself and that half a bottle of rum you drank to turn that agony into a dull ache, coming back up violently.  It's the way the shadows from the trees move on the ceiling, you're sure they're arms and they're waiting to take you. To shove themselves into your body just like he did the night you wished he'd just finally fucking killed you instead.  Loss is not a single moment, a single taste, sight, or sound. Loss is amassing. Loss is your entire life."	sw
Just saw Ready Player One I thought it was pretty mediocre but it was fun to laugh at. Also it’s my cake day so yay me! Looking to talk about the movie or reddit or whatever. Just trying to have a fun conversation. 	cc
"If I tell someone I feel like killing myself soon, am I guilt-tripping them? The person (let's call them Alex) I'm going to tell hasn't known me very long. I've only really gotten to known Alex for just a few months, but I feel like I should tell them. I do however, feel betrayed by them because they never want hang out with me in public or put up a real conversation when there's people around. I don't trust anyone, and so I feel like I've been betrayed by them, or hurt I guess. (although, I feel this way with all my friends.) The main reason why I'm conflicted as to whether I should tell Alex or not, is that I don't want them to feel sorry for me. I don't want them to think that they're the reason, or that they should stay by my side because I'm telling them that I'm suicidal. I really don't want anyone to become or stay as my friend out of guilt or because of my condition. I've told people, but they've never taken me seriously. Regarding Alex, they have told me about something that has bothered them for a while, and I don't know if they only told me just because they don't really know me, and/or because they know I won't tell anyone. I don't know, I guess I do want help from them, but I don't want them to feel any worse than they already do.    ___ So for my question again, should I still tell them?"	sw
"What's been your favorite memory from DnD or any other Tabletop RPG Hey y'all, so question is as written. What's been the most memorable thing or unexpected action that y'all have ever been apart or witness too while playing. I'm Dm'ing for a group of friends and am looking for members but I'd like to hear what some other people have experienced. So let's here them!"	cc
"Does anyone else think the Diet coke commercials are really just Dickish? Keep seeing the new flavor diet coke commercials everywhere and all the adds are just so fucking dickish  Like this one, putting his finger up(while talking) as if he is doing a favor by telling he is into Diet coke?and the tone!!!   Does Coca Cola think this how a millennial talks and thinks? ( as all the actors are youngish)   They all have the same theme.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xy6dy2An0ZA&sns=em  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LnZnSumfIlE&sns=em   Did anyone else notice this? Just a casual conversation."	cc
"i wish i were dead i would never actually take my life, but i wish i were dead.  i wish i would get into a car accident, get run over, get sick etc  my life is hopeless. I'm wasting my time and everyone else's. theres no point in trying, I'm a realist. nothing good will happen, never does  im 25 "	sw
"Dont want to continue on anymore I lost the girl of my dreams because i didn't think a,long distance relationship would work and she thought she was a v Back up plan and we are going to be living a lot closer in a few months. But she has found someone else and it is just the final,straw of my life. She was the one good thing going for me and I lost that and at the same time my will to continue. I have wanted to die since I was 12 and am 31 now. When I met her she changed all of that any time I wanted to die or felt down she made me want to live again and now she is gone And is talking to some fuck boy how likes to claim her raps and wears facepaint like icp.  She was the last reason I had to live and she is gone. I love her so much. She is not the reason I want to die but she was the only reason I had left to want to live."	sw
"Need help coming up with an acronym. I'm starting a quarterly meeting in my workplace. It's a no-holds-barred type of meeting where people can speak there mind and let everyone know what's bugging them.  It's not all about complaints though, I'll use the opportunity to praise staff who have done exceedingly well too.  I'm having trouble coming up with an Acronym for the meeting as I want them to be called ""NIMO Meetings"".  Can anyone help me out, looking for appropriate words that would fit into that Acronym...  N.I.M.O."	cc
"Young adults (18-25 year olds): what's the most important or toughest life lesson you've learned so far? For me it has been accepting the reality that the universe is chaos, the world owes you nothing, and you are solely responsible for your enjoyment of life."	cc
"i'm contemplating starring in a school play it's about autism, you would think that i would fit in it, being the autistic fuck that i am, (BTW mods, the rules say to respect other humans not myself)  i'm afraid to fuck it up, is it worth it ?"	cc
"Depression coming back after 3 months Alt account for reasons ill state  below. I know its hard to read large ammounts of text from people so ill try and cut to the chase on the parts that matter.  * Diagnosed with moderate-severe depression in mid december, plan to kill myself end december * Met an amazing girl, on this subreddit actually as i was sending pms to help people, we kicked it off from the start. * On the date i want to commit suicide (when i already had to promise to her i wouldnt do anything) she asked if we were dating and we talked and yeah, we were official * visited her in her country, now shes over at mine and is doing better with my friends than i am. Im now off my anxiety meddication because its a  benzo and they all think im going to get addicted. Anddd ive basically become a narcissist to my girlfriend * Weve had a  rough last couple of weeks, since i started getting off my anxiety meds, and today, as we are drunk and had a fall out shes said maybe we shouldnt be together * I have full intentions of killing myself if we break up, however do not want that in any way to be an inpact on the relationship and theres no way i can go back onto the anxiety medication as my mum simply doesnt understand depression, dispite claiming to go through it some years ago.  I dont know, help. The date ive set if we break up is a month away and i feel i cant wait that long and cutting alot hurts too much, its one of the reasons she convinced me to stop"	sw
"Yikeology My friend came up with a system called yikeology, and I'm curious what you guys think, and if you can spread the study of yike.   She says:  *x = object/problem in question*  **Singular -** if 0<x<1, then x warrants a ""yike"" or ""jinkies""*  **Plural -** if x>1, then x warrants a ""yikes""  *in special cases - if a singular x is extreme/distressing enough, it will warrant a ""jinkies"". Plural can never warrant a ""jinkies""  For example, if you see a single bear, you say ""yike""  If there's two bears, you say ""yikes""  **-Half Bears-**  A half bear is the head and legs of a bear. If you see a half bear, it warrants a “yike”  Twobears  A twobear is two bears connected. A two bear warrants a “yikes”. "	cc
"I wanna die Gee no fuckin shit that's what we all do otherwise we wouldn't be here  Anyways living is stupid and I just don't want to risk hurting this 1 gal who pretends to give a shit about me. Ever else can go fuck itself.  It won't get better because I'm the problem, so if I die, problem solved.  I just don't deserve to be happy"	sw
"How long could you do without your cell phone? I had an exchange with someone recently about how freeing it felt anytime I went without a cell phone.  For one reason or another, I go without for only a few days.  However,  as time passes I'm finding I use it less and less.  What are your thoughts on and habits work cell phone usage?"	cc
"Is This Normal? So, recently, when I have cut myself, I don't feel any emotion? Yeah pain is there, as expected, but I don't feel... relieved, I guess you could say. Is it normal to feel emotionally numb?"	sw
"If things continue at this rate, I'm going to check myself into a psych ward. I really don't know anymore guys. I've self harmed for years and the will to not live has just been building up and it just feels like my mind is everywhere. I feel so pathetic and anything just tears me down now. I thought getting a new job, being more social, even picking up a new instrument would help but it isn't helping. I thoufht I opened a new chapter in my life but I feel worthless. I feel empty and that life down the life will just continue to spiral down and I'll be alone at the end of it with regrets and constant struggling. I understand I'm a weak and useless person who messes up and says the wrong things at the wrong times and I've had suicide on my mind daily. I just sit in my shower floor after work contemplating suicide and how and where I should go through with it. I'm scared but at the same time I feel like this is the only path I can take. So idk.. I feel like the psych ward might be the only place to help or something.."	sw
"Black Sabbath's Black Sabbath is awesome!! I can only imagine the sensations of somebody hearing this in the 60's. It's a very dark song, with very dark chords and way ahead of its time. I would dare to say it's a bit fearful. I think that there's nothing like that back in the 60's and even today it's rare to find.  Edit: better link: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qrVKmTPFYZ8"	cc
I wish people could understand I'm not ungrateful. I just really want to die. I wish I could give my life to someone who wants it. 	sw
"Close to Attempt #2 I'm not here to spill all of the tragic things that have happened in my life thus far. Sad things happen to everyone, I'm no different than any other depressed or suicidal person in the world, or on this thread. I wouldn't be hurting people in my life; my roommates and I are pretty independent people. I'm estranged from my very small remaining family who have previously stated they rather see me die than continue to live in ""sin"" (they follow a very strict, extreme form of Catholicism, and therefore my living in sin refers to not going to church, having sex outside of marriage, etc.). I have very few friends now; it would be shocking for a few years but they have so many years ahead of them. I'm 22 years old with no direction, no truly positive aspects to contribute to this world. I've survived through some pretty shitty events, but at some point everyone has a breaking point. I'm smart, but dumb enough to allow my anxieties and depression to successfully ruin the rest of my college career. After this spring semester, I will surely be denied financial aid and be dismissed from my current university in the US. Nothing excites me, nothing motivates me. My one talent, classical piano, is now a pathetic reminder. I went to one of the best music conservatories for a year, and failed out due to my own incompetence. I didn't touch the piano for at least a year, but finally came back to it, only to realize how pathetic my technique became, and how it only reminds me of the time I felt so horrible that I made my first suicide attempt. Ironically, music was the only thing keeping me going until that point, and now it is a daily reminder of how pointless all of my work since the age of 4 has become.   My friends are thriving in their own potential and ways, and I can see how much they value to society and the world; their impacts will be positive ones.   I am also familiar with my pattern; I feel horrible, sick to my stomach at the thought of how we as people have the capacity to feel such sadness. Then I feel numb, empty, and a dangerously calm feeling as I either amend previous suicide notes to a certain few people, or write completely new ones. I've come to the conclusion that no matter how hard I fight, and no matter how ""things are looking up"", they will never work out in a positive outcome, at least for me...whether it is school, friends, family, relationships, a career, nothing will have a happy ending worth working towards. "	sw
"I want to kill myself Ok, so I'm 22F and honestly, I just want to kill myself. I am on anti-depressants and anti-anxiety medication, and I go to a therapist once a week, but nothing seems to be helping. Before I never really thought that I would act on these thoughts, but I am getting closer to really wanting to with every passing day. I've contemplated suicide in the past, but I have never felt so strongly about it as I do now.   I am currently in university, and I am not doing very well in my classes. Three out of the four classes that I was taking were extremely hard for me this term and I am trying to just get through my exams now. I just want to be done... I only have 3 more semesters left, but I honestly don't know if I can do it.   I have multiple diseases that cause me chronic pain and struggles. These will never be cured, and I am so sick and tired of living with them. People don't and can't understand what it's like.   I also have ADHD and OCD that is currently under control with medications.   I have no friends, but I do have a great boyfriend. He's honestly the only person that keeps me going. He is aware I feel this way, I just don't know if he understands how serious it is.   My mom and I get along usually, but she is so hard to read and sometimes will absolutely snap at you for the littlest things. She doesn't know I am feeling this way again, because the last time I told her she freaked out at me.   All I want to do is either lay in bed for the rest of my life (or until I am ready to face the world again), or kill myself. I want to end it all now because I honestly don't think things will ever get better.   The only thing keeping me going honestly is the kids I babysit and my boyfriend. Without them I think I would have been gone from this world a long time ago. "	sw
I Can't do this anymore Im high school students. im live in Asia when they are knowed as hard worker and hard student.I dont like my life seriously.  What i do is just wake up go to school and go home and study then repeat.Its too boring for me. Everyday i walk with no passion.Until there is desire to death.Im asking if im dead that is not important right? I do not want to my high school life to be like this.Ranking 2 is not enough my parents always say that i need to get ranking 1 so i can be successful people. My parents are'nt allowed me to have a high school love because they say it will ruin my score.I just can't take this anymore. Can anyone say if there is a heaven when people dead? because if there is i would be happy right there.With the things i dream of and the things that i love. sry for my bad english	sw
"trapped in my own mind I'm 19 years old and i've been suffering with social anxiety since i was a kid. As such i've never had friends irl, just a couple internet friends that i used to play some games with. I stay from 7:30 am  to 6:00 pm at school and im always alone. No one ever talks to me, i dont have and ever had friends, colleagues, talked to girls irl or anything. I just feel tired all day long and lay at my bed . To make things worse i will probably fail at school due to the fact that im always missing classes. I come from a rich family and i always here that ""i have no reason to be sad because there are many people that would do everything they could to have the life that i have""  One of the internet friends i had was a girl and i started liking her a lot, something that wasnt mutual probably due to the fact that she has a life outside of the internet.  Nothing gives me pleasure, i see no point in living in this world anymore, everything just feel empty and my head seems its about to explode. I've been feeling like this for a long time and my mind wont rest when i am awake, i wish i could die in a non painful way."	sw
"Done?. I think I've reached my limit. I've said those words before, things have turned around before... Things are just different now. I'm a burden to everyone I constantly hide behind this show of happiness. I'm exhausted. I'm tired. I want to get off the ride. I don't have anyone to talk to. My friends have their own battles. My significant other doesn't seem to care. My co-workers all think I'm happy. This mask I wear everyday is wearing thin and I'm tired. I should have ended it in high school. 23 years is a good life right? "	sw
"I only drank a little tonight but what happened may not convince other people that I was NOT drunk. So I would drink a glass of whisky and get too drunk. I played with mugs and broke them when I got too drunk one time.  So, everybody was like, this guy breaks ceramics whenever he gets drunk.  So, today, knowing my limit, I decided to drink only one third of the amount that would make me too drunk. So, I was totally sane and fine.  I got hungry and decided to grab a plate. And guess what? My hands were dry because I had been taking isotretinoin which stopped sebum production.  It fell right on my toe and boom, it started bleeding profusely and blood was literally everywhere. Super unlucky.  Had to ask my cousin to help me clean the blood up and stuff.  Because there wasn't any medication, I decided to pour the whole bottle of alcohol on my wound.  Great. Now my parents will think I drank the whole bottle of alcohol and got drunk and broke the plate intentionally.  What can I do, kind strangers? Thanks.."	cc
"Afraid my sister might commit suicide   I have been really anxious these last couple of days. I’m afraid that one of my three sisters might commit suicide. It all started while visiting my oldest sister, when she told me she had beed suicidal some months ago. I know she have been suicidal before, so it makes me really anxious. She currently seems happy and I regularly try to keep contact with her, but I’m still really afraid..."	sw
"Not sure about prom So I'm a senior and prom tickets are on sale at my school. I've been debating whether or not I want to go. It's like $130 for a ticket, and then I'd have to get a dress. I really hate dances, and I've avoided them until this year. I don't have many friends, and of the few friends I have, they are part of cliques who don't like me. I also don't like, nor do I get invited to, parties. As far as my understanding goes, prom is for spending time with your friends, then going to the after party. Neither of these things are realistically going to happen. So should I spend what would conservatively amount to $200 on a night I'd rather forget? Probably not. What do you guys think about prom?"	cc
"Hate myself I have the most boring personality ever, I hate being an introvert, and I don't have an outgoing personality. I need time alone to recharge and I don't even have friends, I am terrible at conversations. I wish I could give my life to someone else. I am a robot, depression, no personality, no friends, not outgoing, spend time alone. I have no need to have conversations, yet I crave being able to talk at ease and make so many memories.  I wish I was extroverted, I would have been able to do so much more with my life. I wish I could have friends that I spend a lot of time with, and have conversations that would be funny and interesting."	sw
"I still have the ""lucky rock"" one of my customers gave me 10 years ago I've always been a collector of random things, but I used to love rocks and gems. Had the books, did the whole ""treasure hunting"" thing at the Cherokee reservations as a kid. Filled up a few tackle boxes from travelling around.  A decade later, those rocks long in storage, I was working with a customer. Sweet old lady who had these gems and rocks on her desk arranged just how she liked it. I was helping her move her personal stuff as she was retiring that week and she picked up one of her stones and placed it in my hand and said ""This has been my lucky rock, I want you to have it and give you what it gave me""   I didn't have the opportunity to ask the story behind it, because I got swept away shortly after. I stashed the stone in my pocket and it's been with me ever since.   I was cleaning my space just now and after wiping everything and placed it back on my monitor, because I'll keep this lucky rock around until I find someone else to pass it off to when I'm older and keep it alive."	cc
"I sent an application for a job. They rejected it but now want me to help mentor the woman they hired instead. When's the last time employers mystified you? I can't help laughing at this absurdity and had to share. I sent my CV and cover letter to this non-profit for a part time job to help them with writing, planning and executing various projects.  They hired some other young woman straight out of high school, but have now called me up to help her out for free because the president of the non-profit knows some of my colleagues and knows through word of mouth that I'm good at what they need. On a ""friends"" basis, they said. It would really help them out, just a few hours a day for a week or two, they said.   Anyone got any funny and ridiculous employer stories? When was the last time you laughed at someone's ridiculousness in general? "	cc
Self affirmations I am starting to do self affirmations today and was told to take 5 minutes for one self affirmation.  The problem is that I have 10 affirmations I would like to use but with each one taking 5 minutes 5*10=50 I would have to spend 50 minutes (almost a whole hour)  doing these affirmations.  I don't have an hour so can I combined the 10 affirmations in that 5 minutes then?  Or do I have to do them one at a time? 	cc
"I'm helping I've been helping a lady trailer loading her young, very flighty horse. I use clicker training: Rewarding every step in the right direction, not prompting but letting the animal choose to move when it's ready. It is very different from ""traditional"" methods, which usually mean applying pressure (with varying degrees of force) until the horse moves in the right direction.   For context, it's a new technology and many horse people are very sceptical of it (the dog world has come a lot further), and choose the tried and true aversion based methods. Which in general work just fine, I got no beef with it, it's just not great when there is fear and tension in the picture since the pressure can add to that tension. Being restrained or pushed when you're scared will often increade that fear, and scared animals are dangerous, especially big ones.   So the other day, this horse with a history of rearing and throwing himself backwards to avoid being devoured by the black hole that is the trailer, choose to walk calmly and happily straight into it without any prompt or guidence from us. Ears forward, long strides, he looked very pleased with himself. I love seeing that.   What I really love though is how the owners change when they learn about reward based training. They start out with a stubborn, stupid or scared animal, and end up with a smart, eager and brave one. The horse or dog is the same of course, except for some different behaviours, but the owners perception of them change and that tends to become a self fulfilling prophecy. It's just a shift of focus, but it is everything. Instead of trying to get rid of the bad stuff, we focus on the good stuff and make it grow until there is no room for bad stuff anymore (btw thos attitude tends to spill over into other aspects of life which is amazing). Seeing owners beaming with pride, smiling from ear to ear,  is just the best feeling in the world.   "	cc
what would have changed in your life if you weren't on reddit. ? I've been on reddit for around 18/19 days and here's a question which I always think when I am afk. Would it matter if you weren't on reddit.  What draws you towards this typical social networking site. ? 	cc
Failed attempt I took 90mg of oxy and 100mg of ambien. I didn't even l over sleep  I think I got fake meds	sw
"Anyone else have a very hard time NOT making friends? I've changed schools throughout the years, moved countries (from Canada to US), worked at different jobs. I've met many people in my life, and I always found myself having a group of friends. Besides being in certain classes where I didn't know anyone, I've always made friends, no matter where I went. I'd always fit right in, and it would actually be harder for to not have friends, then to have some "	cc
"How do you look after your skin? (not sure if this type of post is allowed but it's casual and I want to talk to people about it, so...)  I was wondering, are you into skincare? If you are, what things do you do on a daily basis to your skin? What products do you use? Do you moisturize/exfoliate/oil cleanse??? If you've done something for an extended period of time, have you seen positive results? What's your skin type?? What breaks you out??   And if you aren't into skincare, do you do something? Would you like to? How do you feel about skincare?"	cc
"I start my job today! I recently got a second job at Starbucks and my first official day is today! I’ve worked at other coffee shops and I love interacting with people/making coffee/drinking coffee, etc. What are you up to today?"	cc
"I'm gonna try and learn Japanese I've heard it's hard, but hey, I need a challenge for my lazy self.  I'll be honest, I mostly want to learn cause I love anime ***but*** I can also use it as a qualification to get a job, so there's a legit reason on top of the ~~better~~ more cringey one.  I only know 1 language, as is custom with Americans.  I could learn Spanish, but I feel like so many people know Spanish that I won't stand out as much as if I spoke Japanese.  I'm going into college this fall, so I think I'll set a goal of being able to hold a casual conversation by the time I graduate.  I think that's a pretty reasonable goal, since I've heard it's one of the harder languages for English speakers to learn.  Maybe I'll get beyond that, idk.  We'll see.  What goals do you all have for yourselves, short or long term?"	cc
"What do you guys collect? It can be anything. I personally collect old videogames and consoles, glass bottles, gemstones and fossils. If you want to post pictures of your collection I'd love to see them :)"	cc
"My parents think I’m a failure, thinking they’re right. I fucked around in high school and got shitty marks. That lead to a shitty career. I have little money, never had a girlfriend, no reason to live. All I do is workout but its just so I felt good about myself. I hate looking at myself still, I hate everything I’ve done in life. I have no support from even my family, I’m thinking I should just end it. If this is my suicide note it’s pretty awful to be honest. "	sw
"The real world finally caught up to me. I'm 21 and I've been depressed my entire life. I literally can't remember a time when I wasn't depressed - I've been having suicidal ideation since I was in the second grade. I've never been able to hold a job, and I'm going to therapy now, but it's a slow process.   My family supports me financially, but not emotionally. My dad left me a long letter today detailing how he won't continue allowing me to live in his house without paying for things, and I just want to go to sleep and never wake up.  I've tried to hold jobs, but always ended up quitting or freaking out on the first day. I just wish my parents asked me how I was feeling and tried to work with me rather than holding a sword over my head.   I don't know what to do..."	sw
There doesn't seem to be any other option There's something wrong with my head. I'm in so much pain but yet incapable of any sort of change other than self sabotage to make everything in my life as worse as it possibly can be. I can't take this anymore. 	sw
"I’m done I can’t do it anymore, I don’t know how I’m still alive. I’m young but the stress I have to go through is killing me. I know no one will care but it makes me feel better to at least put this out there"	sw
Biscuit Boom Does anyone else have a misplaced phobia about opening biscuit packs? I know what is going to happen but I still experience apprehension before the harmless **pop** occurs. 	cc
26M currently waiting in a long ass TSA line for my first solo trip abroad! Keep me company? AMA? What’s up r/casualconversation! Long time lurker first time poster. I’m waiting on a ridiculously long TSA line in JFK - NYC. Keep me company? Talk to me? I’m flying to Spain for a week!	cc
"How to help my friend who is severely depressed and has talked about suicide? He's been depressed for years, I've talked to him about it loads but he insists that after 5+ years of seeing countless therapists he can't be fucked anymore. I've got no idea what to do, I feel completely lost. he says he genuinely doesn't see himself getting better and no longer wants to. He has cut himself off from family, is 21yo, is a genuinely great person but I don't know how to make him realise that.   Thank you to anyone who can offer help."	sw
Issues I just had another thought entering my mind that made me depressed all over again. This happens constantly. My parents also said the don’t believe in me in being successful which made me disappointed and depressed with my life wondering what am I doing here. I wonder why I even try hiding all the pain with my smile. IT HURTS TO SMILE. Then there’s school that forces stress and anxiety way too much as if I needed more anxiety. I’m starting not to care about what I do and just do whatever I want health wise. I’m doing dangerous things and saying fuck it if I die I die. The amount of things I’m going through is too much. I now I’m lonely as well and that I will be forever alone so I try to be as anti social as possible and listen to my music all day. I’m going to die lonely and anonymous. Plus what’s the point of making the most out of life. When we die are we going to carry those memories over....no we won’t so why even try.	sw
"Smile and stay quiet That's all people want from you. If your not a bubbly, positive, exciting person then shut up and smile.   No one cares. No one wants to hear from you. The only time people want to talk is when they want to hear themselves talking and don't you dare interrupt!   Oh your upset? You don't have a right to be upset. Shut up and smile. Let me talk. Let me berate you. Let me tell you just how useless and pathetic I think you are and you better fucking enjoy it.   I'm so tired of this world. I should've died at birth, I can't keep doing this. I've lost my passion, my motivation, my strength. Everyday I'm fighting myself over and over.   I'm told people are worth it. Life is worth living. I feel like this is a lie told to everyone suicidal. If I die, where will their punching bag go? Where will they dump all of their work? They can't be expected to do their work themselves can they? If I'm not here, who will watch the office while they go play golf or take their one hour lunches?  I keep wanting to go to the gun store, but I always tell myself no...One of these days I'm gonna go...Maybe one day I'll have the courage to end myself...  Sorry for complaining..."	sw
"im done. i’m absolutely done with my life. full on one hundred percent. i’ve tried opening up to close friends and have had them call me an attention whore, become distance, and some even stop talking or stop having any form of relation to me whatsoever. these are the people that say that they’d never judge me no matter what and all, so i have wicked trust issues which led to the end of a long term relationship; in which my ex then said that if i died, “everyone would get over it quickly and it would be just be a minor incident everyone would forget about eventually, as you’re easily replaceable”. found out that he also had a side chick when we first started dating right before the breakup. the friends that i’ve made through him have cut contact with me. he called me that i was going insane and our whole relationship was bullshit. i eat lunch at school alone, as most of my friends have disowned me. i’m the last pick in gym class. i’m rejected from groups. i’m not even finished high school yet but i don’t think i’ll make it out alive. i have terrible social anxiety which makes talking to people a nightmare, let alone getting new friends. my grades and extracurriculars are suffering. there is really nothing good left in my life. people will see that i’m visibly upset and will whisper to their friends and ignore me. people have stopped talking to me after seeing the cuts on my arm. even some adults. and i try to be as kind as possible to evreyone, in which i only get pushed aside. my parents are allowing me to be a guinea pig for psychiatrists and i have attempted many medications he therapy for years. nothing helps. and they just tell me to stay positive. my extended family barely acknowledges me.   i’m done. i just don’t know how to kill myself and just needed to let this out somewhere. sorry if i wasted your time. thanks and best wishes to the rest of you. "	sw
"Stuck I'm tired of being alive, but I'm desperately trying to find a way to escape committing an act I can't reverse.. I've been bullied for a very long time both at school and at home. I've always felt less than important because of how heavily I was bullied and beaten. I don't like myself and I'm very anti social. My mom wasn't really around when I was younger, and when she finally settled down, she had another child and I become the middle child. I was abused mentally and psychically by my sister. I've failed college and it took me until age 20 to finish grade school. I've tried doing youtube for money but that has also failed me. I've been on ssi for awhile but I rarely, very rarely get any money from it. My mother claims to use it to pay rent and what not but she has a huge shoe collection, junk food in her room and more. I have no friends and I get no calls. I'm all alone and a failure. I'm 26 years old now. I've been making up personalities online since I was 14 to make friends, but this no longer works for me since morals are in the way of that now. I live with my mother who teases me for having fits or being down. I sleep, wake up, eat, weep and repeat.. I feel trapped and I can't escape this misery.. "	sw
"Tomorrow Tomorrow is the day.  I’m going to finish work today, drive home, and sleep. I’ll get up early in the morning and just drive. And drive. And drive. Until I’m somewhere far into the country, away from cities and people and buses and pavement and street lights. And then I’ll kill myself.  I wanted to wait. My fiancee’s birthday is this weekend. I wanted to make the day special for her. I especially don’t want for her birthday to remind her of my suicide every year.  But I can’t do it anymore. Not even one more day. I work seven days a week. Then after work it’s people, people, people, how do you do?, oh, is that right?, so nice to see you, can’t wait to get together. Tonight’s the first night that I have no plans, the first night in a month.  I used to look forward to the future, but I just can’t anymore. I can’t look forward to being depressed, years from now. It’s better to end it now rather than later, when I’m married, or have children. Now, only a few people will be hurt.  I just want to fade away, out of everyone’s sight, out of everyone’s mind, just turn into dust and float into the wind. I don’t want anyone to miss me.  ""As for man, his days are like grass, he flourishes like a flower of the field; the wind blows over it and it is gone, and its place remembers it no more."""	sw
Just read my first book in a long time I am on maternity leave for a few more weeks.  I just read my first book in a long time.  Usually I read so much at work (academic so like scientific articles) that when I get home I just want to watch a movie or something.  If anyone wants to give me book recs that'd be great!  Fav genres are sci-fi (but not fantasy) or psychological thrillers.  But totally open to anything good.  My favorite author is Philip K. Dick for reference.	cc
"Who wants to talk about how the shower makes so many things so much more enjoyable? Seriously, for one reason or another, being in the shower can greatly improve the enjoyment of something. From a simple shower beer, to the slightly more obscure shower orange, or even picking your nose like there's gold in it, the constant water stream makes it all blissful.  What about you guys? Anything you love to do in the shower that you feel is even more fun because you are, in fact, in the shower?"	cc
"Comfy feels thread I was reading wholesome 4 chan (pretty damn sweet actually) and I saw this and thought it might be nice.  So this thread is for you, if you ever need to vent, get something off your chest, or just talk to another human being. I can help if you want it, or I can just listen:) I will try to respond to whatever you post, good or bad for as long as I can (fresh account though so this one will probably be around for a while) You can message me as well if needed.  I will not judge you. I will not hate you. I only want to listen, because everyone needs to be heard, right? I can at least try. "	cc
"how to make small talk? I am by all means: quiet, shy and awkward. is this subreddit version of when you're in the room next to some new people and anxiously worry about  what to say next?  SO....how was your day? do you like..stuff?  did you see the game last night?"	cc
Ill be alone forever I hate my stupid fucking autistic brain. Ill never attract a female ever in my life. Im a genetic failure and need to die	sw
Describe the best PB&J sandwich you’ve ever had Be descriptive. I want to be able to come as close to your best PB&J moment as possible.   I’m looking forward to some amazing sandwiches!  Apparently I need more to say...  You are my fire The one desire Believe when I say I want it that way	cc
"I cannot seem to find anyone to discuss linguistics with :/ I struggled with this even in college even though we studied languages there. The only people that I could discuss linguistics with were the teachers basically. Sure there's the respective subreddit, but it's not the same thing as conversing with someone.    I love all languages and all varieties, however I do have a strong preference for Germanic languages, having had studied 4 of them to various degrees ( English C1/C2, German B2/C1, Dutch B1 and Norwegian A1/A2). I also speak Romanian and Hungarian as my native languages and have taught both of them, so if anyone wants to discuss anything related to the things I have mentioned or is curious about anything, let me know! "	cc
"Who is your go to person? I just got off the phone with a friend who called me crying. She was going through some things and just wanted to talk. This got me thinking of who is my *go to person.*   For me, I have a few. When I want to talk to someone verbally, I call my friend who we’ll call, Alice. She’s the one who called me earlier as I mentioned. Shes really understanding and able to talk things through with me. We do this thing where at lunch we’ll go to the bathroom across the school just so we can walk and talk to each other. She really means a lot to me as a friend because she cares so much. I think it’s a mutual feeling of hating to see one another sad or cry.   Then I have this friend, who well call Mars, they’re the person I go to when I need to text someone about something. They always just listen, which is nice. I’ve known them for over five years now, and we’ve had our ups and downs, but for the most part, they’re always there for me.   So who is your person? "	cc
"It's all gone. There is only pain and suffering. ""It's going to get better"" ""I will never leave you"" ""I care about you"" ""You'll find someone"". All lies. ALL FUCKING LIES. It never got better, only worse. You'll never leave me? Gone in a year. You care about me? You abandoned me everytime I pleaded. I'll find someone? I've only found more pain. I consider myself strong willed, after countless rejections, from asking someone on a date, asking if I could hangout with a ""friend"", to asking if I could try to challenge myself. No no no no no. All I'm told is ""no"". I was told through trying over and over again you'd eventually make it. Trying over and over again and expecting a different result is what many consider insanity. Getting knocked down over and over again didn't make me stronger. It made me hate the world, it made me lose faith in myself. It made me lose faith in others. I'd even consider myself insane. Locked in a tiny dark room for days or weeks at a time. Completely alone except for the people who keep me alive, my parents. I've lost interest in girls. I hate my biological impulses. 6 hours of staring at a computer screen is grating. I'm dead. I want help, but nothing can help. Hopefully I will kill myself soon, if I don't I've just been reduced to a shell of a man; a coward."	sw
"Oh, for a videographer... The other day I had a squirrel jump up on my lap in the park. Not a particularly unusual thing to have happen (for me). Except that there was *already* a squirrel sitting in my lap, and these two particular squirrels have this jealous rivalry thing going on. So squirrel two quickly changes her mind about the encounter, does a quick rebound off my knee to head back down to the ground... only to land on top of a DUCK innocently waiting for a snack. For a moment I thought the duck was going to take off with the squirrel on its back. Now THAT would have been a video with a chance to go viral. Alas."	cc
"I'm Done I did something monumentally stupid while coming to California to help my mom move. I lost the keys to the uhaul we rented. My mom flipped out on me, bringing up the fact that I'm barely working and how at my age, I should be giving her money and not the other way around. I barely work 8 hours a week, and I spent everything I had to fly here. My grandmother offered me money for the trip back, which made my mom angry. She said that I should feel ashamed of asking a 90 year old woman for money, which I never did I just merely said I didn't buy my ticket back home.  Now this happened. I had a bad panic attack from the moment I first realized that I lost the keys. I tore open a bunch of boxes hoping to find them, but to no avail. My mom called me pendejo and said that I'm a lazy bum that refuses to work. If you look at my post history, you'll see how much not having full time work bothers me. On top of that, she said my depression is bullshit.   I'm on my own with this mess. I have no money, and I don't know how I'll solve this problem. Even if I do, I will just go back to being a pathetic loser anyway and sponge off my sister.   What a great life either way...fuck that, I'd rather just end it here."	sw
"Subreddit Network - chat, play, listen and talk with us outside the sub Our subreddit has many ways to keep in touch with one another. Whether it be on the sub itself or in our others areas to interact. We're here for world domination.  Come check them out...  ---       ##Discord - https://discord.gg/rhKe8pr - [[wiki]](/r/CasualConversation/wiki/voice) Your one stop shop to communicate. Want to hangout in a voice chat, text it up in a text chat, party up with gamers and play games together or even chill in a room and listen to music? Well come on down, it's all here!  ##IRC - https://kiwiirc.com/client/irc.snoonet.org/casualconversation - [[wiki]](/r/CasualConversation/wiki/irc) Looking to have a live chat? Look no further come join us talk about things in real time! Let's go duck hunting!   ##Steam Group - http://steamcommunity.com/groups/rCasualConversation A place to discuss games, in a nice casual environment. More geared towards video games but any other games such as card games and tabletop games are welcome. We have a steam group, with 1k+ users!  ##r/SeriousConversation An offshoot of CC open to topics that aren't casual Let's talk through serious topics & events.      ######Join us on: [Discord](https://discord.gg/rhKe8pr#dis) [IRC](https://kiwiirc.com/client/irc.snoonet.org/casualconversation#irc) •  [Weekly Thread](/r/CasualConversation/search?q=title%3AWeekly+Self&restrict_sr=on&sort=new&t=week#int) [Weekend Thread](/r/CasualConversation/search?q=title%3AWeekend+Chat&restrict_sr=on&sort=new&t=week#end) • [Wiki](/r/CasualConversation/wiki/index#wiki)   --- ^**Feedback?** [^Message ^the ^mods.](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FCasualConversation)   ^・ ^Made ^with ^♥ "	cc
"Need help to convince my brother Axe body spray is awful. So my brother is two years older than me and generally does not take my opinions seriously. But he uses Axe products for everythig. Deodorant, Body Spray, Cologne, you name it. As a result, he ends up smelling like mustard gas everywhere he goes. How can I convince him it is not appealing, or just get him to stop using it in general? "	cc
"Just wanted to recommend a show to anyone reading Marvel’s “Agents of Shield.” Whew. This show. So many twists.  Honestly, while it does start terrible slow and with some boring plot at the beginning.. if you can make it to episode 17... oh Lordy. That’s when the best reveal happens. No spoilers, but damn.    Please give this show a chance."	cc
"It's the best feeling ever when you find money that you didn't know you had. Well, one of the best feelings ever. It's 1:30 am here, and I just had Christmas morning early. This post is probably showing my youth and also the fact that I'm broke, but oh well.   I have this big bookcase, and it's chock full of books, plus a lot of other things. I'm not sure why I have so many little things other than books in there, but I do. Deep in the depths of my bookcase, I found a wallet that I used in middle school; it felt full. I opened it, and - oh damn, it's money! Not just a few bucks, but $35. I'm practically rich now...I wonder what I'll do with all this cash. Realistically, I'll use it to ""treat myself""(aka just spend it for fun).   Does this ever happen to you? Or no, because you are a responsible, organized person who only uses your bookcase for books, and never finds anything hidden in your closet. If it's the latter, then good for you, because that's definitely not me.   Aside from that, how's your day/night/odd inbetween hour? What's today or tomorrow going to look like? "	cc
"My mum: "" never mind that you hate religion, please listen to [this fine religious truth]"" This was after long seeking of the moment of trust by her, because I'm trying to emotionally shut myself from her advances. But she managed.   For background please see my post history, because due to injury I can barely type, sorry for this.(( "	sw
"I have a day off because my boss is having an mid life crisis, talk to me. I work for this guy who runs a small apiary. It's a pretty small operation, the most employees he's had at one time is four, myself included. It's a pretty sweet job. I came in today, and we worked for a total of three hours. He's been under the weather lately, so things slowed down right quick, and by the end of it, he was just ""what's the point."" and sent me home. See, normally he'd probably just work through it, but he's been going through a breakup and it's like he's reached an epiphany. And seeing as how I'm his only active employee at the moment, I've become his shitty knockoff therapist. It's weird.   Edit: ignore the an"	cc
"Is anyone else waiting to hear back on an interview? I just want to know how things are going for you guys, because I just can't stand the wait! I want to hear one way or the other, but I also know that if I were not to get it, I'd want to be back here with the possibility of getting it again. Ugh.  And apparently it's going to be 2-3 weeks until I hear back, so ironically I also *don't* want to hear back until close to that timeframe, because hearing back sooner means my interview probably didn't go well and they can say no quicker than a yes.  I'm overthinking this. I just would love to work there."	cc
"Does any one else notice that flat earth ideas, are being talked about by people as though they were legit?. I have really noticed it the past three years or so. But it seems like the idea of the earth being flat, like straight up pre Copernicus conceptions of the earth, are becoming increasingly popular. I have two friends who believe it generally, my sister and her fiance believe it absolutely, and I must know half a dozen people who ""are keeping an open mind"". None of this seems like a thing five years ago even. I find it weird, and wondered if its just me, and my odd social circle, or if this is really a thing."	cc
"Calling all YouTubers, my son is now a YouTuber! I found out last night that my 13 year old son has started recording himself playing games on his PS4 and sharing them on YouTube. I actually am proud of him for figuring it all out. He has also figured out how to do it on his phone as well.  I don't expect him to be the one in a million YouTubers that actually make money, but I'm happy that he has taken an interest in doing it. I know that he watches enough YouTube videos to know what he would like to make for content.  What fascinates me is that the PS4 has all the built in features to do all of this. I am starting to feel out dated because of this. I'm a computer scientist and I still get exited to see things like this.  Now some of you would probably worry about privacy issues and if my son is uploading things that are appropriate. Well, now that I know he is doing this I will be closely monitoring him while encouraging him at the same time. I already told him a few tweaks he may need to do to be more appropriate. For example I felt he had an offensive YouTube profile pic so I had him change it.  So what I want to know is are there any of you out there that are YouTubers or have kids that do it? How successful have you/they been? "	cc
"Telling my parents I’m suicidal Hi. 14F here.   I want to die - why else would I be here? I burst into tears at sports practice, there’s a voice in my head constantly harassing me, I fantasize about my death and how it would affect others every day. I want people to miss me. I want everybody to realize how much (or little) I mean(t) to them.   I know this isn’t healthy or normal. I’m seeing a therapist now, which is neat. My parents brought me to therapy at my request but I didn’t tell them what for. I don’t want to give them the burden.  I don’t want to explain why I feel so bad to them.   My parents lead very busy, stressful lives as it is. They work in law, which is a tiring field to be in. The family dog is sick and lethargic right now.  They’re redoing the house and have to make a lot of decisions. There’s so much stuff on their plates right now, I don’t want to distract them from it and add more to worry about. I don’t want to break my mom’s heart.   I’ve told them before I felt like I want to end my life but quickly took it back saying I would never do it and I was being hyperbolic. But that was months ago, and now it’s getting worse. Sometimes I really do think about doing it, ideas like hanging myself on a basketball hoop structure at school or tying my feet to a heavy concrete block or rock to drown myself in the pool pop into my head often. I’m starting to get scared I will really do it someday. It gets overwhelming sometimes at school and I spend my lunch period crying. I used to blame it on just being a dumb angsty teenager but it hurts a lot now.   I told my therapist (my first time going was two days ago) and she listened. It was nice, the thing is I can only see her like once a month since her schedule is so busy. It got worse after I talked to her about it and it kinda sucks that I have to wait until May to discuss it more.   I have a meeting with a psychologist for medicine, which I’m kinda worried about. I don’t want any scary side effects, who knows maybe I’m just being dramatic and I don’t really need it.   I don’t want to tell my friends, I’m sure they have a lot to deal with too in their lives and I don’t want to scare them away. It’s not like therapy anyways where they’re bound by law not to tell anybody.   I don’t know what to do. I don’t feel good. "	sw
"Just made the best sandwich and it was so good. Saturday evening... It's quiet, you feel relaxed. Maybe you have some music playing and you're enjoying it  Wait... You get hungry? And you remember those awesome ingredients you bought. Well know you're super hyped to make that tasty sandwich.  Anyone else get these feelings and just adore them? "	cc
"Anyone here have much experience with fundraising? so currently end of the month i'm going to be doing a 87 mile hike for charity and am wanting to raise as much money as possible for it. anyone got any good tips or experience? cause is teenage cancer trust. NOTE: i am not asking for donations, mearly advice and to talk about what charity things you do :) "	cc
"My brother tried to kill himself Tuesday and I don’t even know how to begin to process all of this. I don’t want to talk about everything in detail, I just want someone to hear me out. My whole family is incredibly supportive of him and each other.   I took off of work yesterday and tried to go in today. I cried three times in the first hour, explained everything to my boss, and left. What if I can’t go back to work without crying? I can’t risk my job because of this.  I just want to know it gets better. Of all things i’m worried about, being worried about crying at work seems like a stupid thing to focus on. i’m all out of sorts. "	sw
"How Secure Are The Hotlines? I've been wanting to call, or more likely text, the hotlines. If I do it will be on an Amazon Fire, if that matters. As a 15 year old I've been wondering how secure it is. In short, who can see the chats? Are they deleted? What are my odds of my parents finding out? I'm honestly worried about everything, even the Internet provider seeing it.   If anybody knows please let me know. I have been wanting to use the text chat, but I'm just too paranoid someone will find out.   Thanks."	sw
"What the Martian Government would be like? I had a thought in the shower about distant future when humans will colonise Mars and possibly other planets (in an optimistic scenario, where we are able to solve/postpone the problems of global climate change, nuclear war, etc). Assuming that global political and economical system is more or less the same (maybe, more civility), what would be the legal and political grounds for Martian society?  Private companies like SpaceX probably will be on the forefront of exploration, with state agencies tailing them closely. So, the first stations/settlements probably will be organized by a bunch of different state and private agents like ISS and operate in the same framework? But the astro/kosmonauts on ISS only stay for a short time, and even then US and Russian space agencies basically decide everything for them. Permanent settlers would probably want to have a voice in development of the colony. But imagine if SpaceX funded 50% of the mission and sent 2 permanent settlers, whereas NASA shelled out for another 50% and sent 10. Would they all have the same vote, or SpaceXers will be more ""valuable"" so to speak?  Moreover, what if someone commits a crime while in such a colony? With no police and united legal framework (maritime law???) how the punishment or retribution will be decided upon? Furthermore, people would probably engage in some sort of economic exchange. How and through what could it be regulated? And should it be regulated?  History provides is with some perspective on distant colonies where people dumped something/someone they did not want that much (sorry, Oz), as well as resource-valuable colonies governments and private companies competed for, but Martian situation is quite different from both. Or not?   What kind of culture / sentiment towards ""mainland"" and its separated governments life in such colony would create? Will tribalism prevail, or people (considering they would be mostly scientists and engineers) unite together? And will China send its secret police agent masked as a scientist to ensure taikonauts do not stray too far from Mao's way? (I swear, this is a plot for sci-fi comedy TV series writing itself)   There are questions that really made me think. I do understand it is a bit speculative but I haven't seen these issues being really discussed in sci-fi or more serious books a lot.  We mostly hear about engineering and computational features that would allow us to travel to the stars and nog enough about new social and cultural forms that will arise as a result of humans leaving ""the cradle"".   I am an ESL, sorry if my language was a bit wonky. I have some ideas about these issues and will share if people are interested :) Introduce your points, suggestions and ideas about taming the Red Planet   TLdr: in non-utopian, realistic future how the Martian colony would function from the legal and political perspectives? How they are going to exchange favours and punish criminals? How they will decide if pizza printers should have pineapple cartridges or not?"	cc
"My dreams, the things that kept me sane, are now gone. I don't know if I want to kill myself.   In a rush of emotions, I'd want to. But when I take it in, the closing distances with suicide, I falter.  17 years old; a lifetime of wanting to study in a prestigious US university.  Why?  I hate the Philippines, I love the West, I hate being poor, I want avenues to wealth. Most especially, I think I despise my family  Countless hours to study for the SAT. Sleepless nights to get a respectable mark in school. Methodical and draining hours, days, months to prove that I have extra-curricular. Yet I'm an average student.  Do I think I'll get into UCLA, the school of my dreams? A resounding NO.  However, I can't do this anymore. I have no one to support me and my dreams but myself. And to finally face and accept the gloomy environment I'm in, it's heart breaking. It breaks my heart that 'family' is just a word.   It's a blot on the dictionary, a pixel on the internet, and a wave from the mouth.  My family doesn't support me and my dreams.  My sister diminishes the existence of my depression. My mom's dead. My dad? My dad just wants for his own gain.  Like I've said. I don't think I'll even get considered for UCLA. But it hurts that I'm still managing to fall.  This isn't suppose to be edgy, and may seem like a minor nuisance in one's life. But my dreams. The only thing I wanted. I never asked for expensive clothing or gadgets. I never asked for a car. I never asked for those things.  I just wanted a way out. Away from my dysfunctional family and a shell of myself. To start anew.  Tomorrow I might say I love my dad and my sister, because I don't want to jinx their deaths. I don't want them dead. I just want to be the person I want to be; that includes their distance.  Then again I might regret that.  But I digress, I don't mind if you think my problem is petty. Just know these are my dreams.  And even if I kill myself. I'm already dead."	sw
"I hate talking on the phone! I just was talking to someone about setting an interview. I feel so awkward on the phone like I’m being rude when I’m talk.  I feel like it’s because I can’t see the person’s face and I don’t know what social cues I should be following. And I don’t know a good way to end the conversation. I was just like ‘okay, bye.’ and hung up.  So. Awkward. I hate it. Just urghhhhhhhhhhhh.  "	cc
Give up? When is it ok to tap out?    Honestly just had a pretty great weekend but now that it's over I'm starting to realize my life only has a few happy moments here and there compared to the 85% misery so my question when is it acceptable to just say screw it all?  All I can really ever think about is dying and it's starting to take a huge toll on me 	sw
"Only thing stopping me is likely failure of an attempt I very much want to end it. Fucked up my final year of college, have no prospects or opportunities, am in terrible health and completely isolated from my friends. I've come to see ending it all as a pretty viable logical option in the face of all this. I would feel some guilt for my mother, but ultimately I feel it's the right choice for me. Only thing I'm worried about is my attempt will fail and that'll just add  on to all my problems. I wish I could be 100% certain that I'll successfully go through with it."	sw
"Wide awake It's 3:30 am and despite being busy and tired all day I'm wide awake so if anyone has any random topics they want to talk about or want to risk asking yet another rando on the interwebs for advice entertainment, enrage and indulge me "	cc
"Scared I am terrified to take this final step, what if it's agony, or worse doesn't work?  Is there a quick, easy and painless way? "	sw
"I just had an exam with integrals Damn, what a task. Took me two weeks to learn enough, and yet I still messed up some things. Wanna know how it feels to solve integrals? Well, imagine a lock. You have two pins. Unlock the lock.  But, also, each lock is different from the last. And some locks have more locks inside them. And sometimes, when you unlock one lock, another one locks up, all within the greater lock. Sounds easy, right?"	cc
"Anybody here fail at overdosing on pills? I want to kill myself soon, and I figure pills would be the most painless way to do it. Has anybody failed at suicide by overdosing on pills? If so how did your body and brain feel? "	sw
"I'm thinking about living in Berlin or in Dublin. Hey, I've lived in Berlin in the past and due to a break up and illness in the family I've moved back to Portugal for a while and now that everything is fine I'm thinking of moving out again.  Berlin is cool (not as cool as all the hype about it though), I've spent years living there but the job market there is simply awful.. On another way around I could give it a go for Dublin, it's easier to get money there, but money is not everything.  What would you guys do?"	cc
"What do you spend a lot of money on? For me, its clothes. I dont consider myself a shopoholic or a fashionista, but rather I started to invest in what I wear because previously I look like a slob. Im slowly replacing cruddy articles with great quality items, but my family is giving me shit for 'splurging' on clothes which I intend to wear. I pay for my bills, save money l, and still have money for essentials yet haters gonna hate I guess, even if theyre family.  What is something you spend so much moola on?"	cc
"Life is good at 22 I don't know how much longer it will take for me to finally figure out how i will off myself. I don't want to be in distress any longer. I've tried everything from exercise to meds and right now i feel like it has all been a waste of time. I'm worse than what i was two years ago, when i tried hanging myself but failed. Whatever makes me human is gone now as i have drenched myself in lust and drugs over these years to try and ease my fucking existance. Every now and then i remember when i was a happy kid and loved my family (i cried today because i can't connect to anyone anymore). However i've changed. I still empathize with how everyone feels around me but my mind cannot distinguish what is really happening or what is just happening up here. I even have a minimum wage job and a place to live and family overseas willing to take me in. But i've killed my whole sense of being in this fucking shithole of a city and now my anxiety is so severe i am willing to destroy myself, since that is all that makes me feel alive. I'm fucked up and i blame myself for not having the balls to man up when i should have. I still picture how 'perfect' all this anxiety could shape me up and end up being like a fucking hero in a tragedy movie, but the pain is just too much for any normal human bean to endure. Fuck the last ten years of my life. Everytime i gain something i manage to throw it all away. Maybe suffering is my drug of choice. Maybe deep down i want to feel normal. And maybe, i won't muster up the courage to end my life for now  Tl;dr Fucker turns himself schizophrenic and is too much of a pussy to take life by the balls. Fucker thinks taking his own life is inevitable"	sw
"I don’t have any friends or reasons to live and my depression has gotten so bad my boyfriend keeps telling me “I can’t help you” Every time I come to him needing comfort he asks me what he’s supposed to do. And I just feel like shit saying I need someone to be next to me and hug me. I get it’s tiring. I get I’m tiring. But I do this to everyone. Every single important person in my life said I am exhausting. That I need too much. Or that I’M too much. I feel like he doesn’t love me anymore and he’s tired of my shit. I’m not mean, I’m just depressing and it sucks to be around me.    And I feel the same way.    And I’m tired of myself too.          I know I’m a compassionate person. I know I’m funny and nice and empathetic. But it hasn’t made me not want to die. I know my siblings need me and my dad would be destroyed by me killing myself. But it just doesn’t motivate me anymore. I’ve wanted to die since I was 11 years old. Guilt kept me alive for this long but I can’t just go on like this. I can’t keep staying alive being miserable because I care about everyone else. If I want to live it should be because *I want to live*. And I don’t.          There’s nothing that makes me happy. And what does make me happy I can’t afford. Including therapy lol. I’m fucked. I’m in a tiny town where there’s nothing to help me and I can’t afford to move out.           I don’t even want to eat anymore. I feel fat and disgusting and I haven’t eaten anything since this morning because what’s the fucking point in fueling my body if I don’t want it here anymore. I want to starve myself to death because I’m too much of a pussy to do anything fatal quickly but I’m great at doing fucking nothing so I’ll just whither away.       Edit: What the fuck is wrong with people PMing me for extremely personal information. I’m weak right now but not weak enough to be preyed on. Fuck you. "	sw
I want to die  I’m going to kill myself  not sure how or when but very soon  I just can’t do this anymore  I am at big failure  going to be 59 years old and I’m gonna lose everything  and my health is bad eyes have COPD can’t breathe can’t do anything shower hardly at all I hate my life I just want to die and I don’t know why God is leading 	sw
"Tylenol It's been five months with this spell of depression. Most days I can barely get out of bed or take a shower. Today though I got out of bed. I took a bath and shaved my legs. I put make up on. I went to target. It was strange. I've been cooped up in my house for 3 months straight so target in my reality felt like I landed on mars. Nothing felt real. While i was there I bought a pretty black dress with white flowers on it. I also bought a bottle of tylenol. I got home and binged and purged. Drank a 40 and fell asleep. Woke up and I'm nursing another 40. I am now going through old journals and sketchbooks. Wow. It's a surreal feeling reading back on your old life and realizing nothing has changed. I was depressed and suicidal in 2017, 2016, 2015 and 2014. It's the same shit, different day. But today was a success in my book. I now have something decent to wear so when they find my body I won't be as revolting."	sw
"Weird things you do What's up CC, what are the weird things ya'll do?  I'll start:  I have this weird form of escapism where I constantly picture myself in other people's lives. For example: for the past 2 years I gained an interest in choreograph dance because of a famous dance studio in Korea. They do loads of original choreo videos to tons of popular songs. I saw one on Friday that had a really cute part in it - https://youtu.be/SDAL5VCdKpc?t=20 (sorry, the link might load on 50% speed for some reason - and if it starts at the beginning, jump to the 20s mark). The part where the guy is on his knees and the girl walks around him - the way she looks at him was so cute. I know it's just part of the choreo, but it was like ""I wish I could find someone who looked at me like that"". They both seemed to have so much fun in the choreo, and as I watch more and more of their videos, I start to daydream about myself being a choreographer at that studio and being friends with all of them there. They have a big social media presence and it looks like they all have a blast working there, so I kept imagining myself in all the pictures and videos I've seen and being friends with all of them. Even in the link earlier, I imagined myself being the guy in the video (it's his choreo) and creating other awesome dance choreos.  Whenever this kind of thing happens, I just get almost obsessed with indulging in this mental escapism and then I get really depressed for what could be a few days to a few weeks. I just become disengaged from life and just spend all my time daydreaming. It's really unhealthy I know.  This probably sounded really all over the map haha. Sorry for the wall of text.  So what are weird things you do?"	cc
"Are diet drinks *that* bad? I have heard arguments for both for and against. I really need to watch my carb intake and that helps. Im finally in a place where i do not mind diet soda, sugar free stuff or crystal light. All the Rage now seems to say stay away from it all and I don't know what to think. Edit, by bad I mean health wise"	cc
"I miss her so much... The only person I've ever loved is gone now, before her I wasn't happy but I did not intend to kill myself.  But now that I know true happiness I want to end it. She was my happiness and the only thing I lived for, she now hates me and doesn't want to talk to me. I hate myself.  I hate being alone, no one that cares about me, no one there to listen. I hate it."	sw
"Goodbye. This is my last day. I'm being emotionally abused by my parents, my brother doesn't notice. My parents are the most horrible people and I fucking hate them so much, they treat me as an object. I'm a lesbian and I hate it because every single person in this world hates lesbians. I don't fit in with the retarded LGBT community and I don't fit in with straight people either. I'm 18 and unemployed even though I have been job hunting for 4 months. I can't get help for anything because I don't have the money or a license. I have no social life because my friends are all at uni and I don't like them much anyway. The only good thing I have is the fact that I'm going to uni in a year, but I got a really bad ATAR and barely got in even though I studied so so hard. I'm getting a rope, jumping, and snapping my neck and lights out. Goodbye world, you've been absolutely brutal. "	sw
"My friend is suicidal. My friend is really depressed, and keeps telling me he does not want to live any longer, he drinks a lot, (i fear this adds to his depression), but no matter what I try and say he still feels the same. (and no, therapy is not an option, i've already suggested it.) What do I do?"	sw
Anyone have a favorite rainy day activity? I personally enjoy video games or writing. I don't feel like I'm waisting beautiful days inside doing one or the other if it's raining. But that means I just wish for more rainy days because like those activities haha	cc
"I've not been sleeping properly for days now, but I don't mind. I've been up doing whatever, drawing, playing games, practicing music, since I couldn't sleep even if I tried. But it really hasn't been bad. It's nice seeing the sky light up. It's nice watching the sun rise, you know. Have you done that? I've done it a lot, and it just gets prettier every time. It's also nice to hear your neighbors go on with their daily routines. Like, hearing people say goodbye to their families as they're leaving for work, or hearing the scratching sounds of their brooms as they sweep their yards. There's also the sound of water hitting leaves, and the chains of dog's leashes as they get taken out for their morning walks. It's just nice to watch all that unfold. So yeah. I'm sleep deprived but I've seen life happen, and it's beautiful, so I don't mind the sleep depravity at all."	cc
I’m starting to feel hopeless I’m not quite at the stage of being suicidal but I’m damn near close. I have problems that no one seems to understand and I can’t talk about them to anybody I know for fear they will think it’s dumb. Fucking hell.	sw
"Useful and useless career paths in regard to the hypothetical zombie apocalypse. Hey there everyone.   I was just watching a rather bad zombie movie (which I turned off due to other things happening) and as I was bored, I was thinking about a hypothetical zombie apocalypse better than said movie.   My thoughts wandered to the types of people we would need and why, and the types that would tend to just get in the way.   I imagine military types would be important. Both long term and short term.  Farmers would be a more long term need. Not sure how much help they’d be in the initial survival of a rampaging horde.  Doctors are an always type of thing.   What else can you think of? Anything odd but would still be super important? "	cc
"I've had a hard day. --Posting on my alt-- I had a hard day today, got messed with by my bullies. I went home to play online Chess, only to lose two games in a row (and lose 200RP). Compiled with my bad day, I almost feel like cutting. Please give me a reason not to."	sw
"What do you need? So, as the title says, what do you need? Do you need something emotional, like an emotion, a hug, a pat on the back, a nap, a friend? What about something physical, like something to eat, a leash for a dog, etc?   We spend so much time thinking about our problems, but not enough about the solutions"	cc
"How do you make small talk fun? I'm a uni student and this is the script most people I've just met expect me to follow:  * Stacy: What's your name?  * Chad: I'm Chad.  * Stacy: I'm Stacy. What program are you in?  * Chad: Feminist Dance Therapy.  * Stacy: Do you like it?  * Chad: Yeah. What are you in?  * Stacy: Emetology.  * Chad: Do you like it?  * Stacy: Yeah.  And here's what I usually do with it:  * Me: (Optional: I don't think we've met) What's your name?  * Jebus: I'm Jebus. What program are you in?  * Me: Guess.  * *one guessing game followed by me tryna guess Jebus' program*  * Me: So what do you like about it?  * Jebus: *Tells me what he likes about it*  * And then I'll create an engaging discussion about whatever the fuck's on my mind cause I'm a Good Conversationalist™  One of the reasons I like talking to people who are older than me is cause they tend to skip the scripts and go right to more naturally flowing small talk. If a person my age skips the scripts, I take that as a sign that they have serious social skills and I have a special place in my attention reserves for them.  Also, fun fact about me: In the current draft of a novel I'm writing, the main character (also a uni student) runs into a lot of people who try to use the first script with him and it pisses him off because of how predictable it is. He makes his best friend during the following conversation:  ""What program are you in?""  ""Fuck off with the bullshit small talk, no one actually cares what program anyone else is in""  ""Honestly, I was hoping someone would say that to me all week""  What kinds of spins do you put on predictable small talk in your own life?"	cc
Tonight might finally be the night I'm drunk. And high. My girl might leave. I already started trying. Hopefully I'm gone by 3am.	sw
"How do you like your job? I am incredibly fortunate to have a job that pays well and doesn't require any physical effort. But I'm also finding it stressful, and there are the odd days where I kind of miss doing something physical (not *intense*, everyday labor, but just... *doing* something).  Curious how you guys and gals enjoy your own jobs and careers?"	cc
"Not sure I can make it through the next day It’s so difficult for me to be writing this, I recently went through a breakup this guy was the love of my life and the reason he broke up with me was cause I’m pregnant with his child. This has made it even more difficult I have paranoia as he was chatting up another girl online while we were together all this and being pregnant has caused me to seriously self harm and push him away I’ve pushed him away so much that there’s no point in me going on anymore, he doesn’t want me he doesn’t want our baby and I can’t deal with all these different emotions coming together. I just want to go to sleep and my heart stop beating I can’t bear feeling this way anymore."	sw
"Goodbye Well. This is probably my final post.... I’m quite drunk rn. And I thought reaching out would helpXbbit. I kinda has but not in the way I thought would save me? Idk what I’m doing now, I guess this is my last ditch effort to save me from doin this? Idk"	sw
"I made the wrong choice and can't fix it I screwed up college and made the wrong choice of degree. Full ride and I fucked it up. I believed in the 'follow your dreams' bullshit. I thought I could handle the 'take a bullshit job until you make it as an artist' lifestyle.  I realize now that I can't. I don't want to give up entirely, but now I have nothing practical to back it up. And since I wasted my education, I have no way to gain that practical job.   So I'm screwed and I just want to die because I hate this life."	sw
Why does depression hurt so bad? I’ve been off and on meds for so long. My head Is starting to spiral out of control again. I literally feel pain in my whole body and my mind is trying to kill me everyday. Are their some ways I can help with this without meds? I don’t trust psychiatrists anymore	sw
Update I recently posted that I did a punch of pills but I'm beginning to feel better now and hope I stay that way thank you for your kind words to help me through 	sw
"I just checked into a mental institution. No, someone saw my reddit post about committing suicide and decided to call the mental health clinic. Someone I know, who I deem as a good friend of mine. There are people out there who care for you, and seeing a psychiatrist will help your well-being. Good luck boys. "	sw
Learning to edit video brings back memories. In a previous post I talked about my son posting to YouTube and I thank everyone that commented. Now I'm addicted to editing all the videos I have taken because of it.  I'm not going to get into the boring details about editing. What I am going to talk about is all the memories I got to see when I started editing the videos. I got to see my daughter kiss a frog in hopes of turning it into a prince. I watched my son drop mentos in diet Coke. Basically I got to go through all my recorded memories.  So what kind of conversation do I expect to have with you. I would like you to go through your phones/computers and look at some old videos that you took that will make you smile and share the experience with me. Tell me what the video was and how it made you feel.  Lets share memories together.  	cc
"Lost the only source of joy in my life yesterday Last night I was kicked from the community orchestra I've been a part of since september last year.   The entire duration of my time with them, I carpooled with a girl and we became good friends. Last weekend we had a huge performance at a convention. The night of Friday, after a long day of con and a rehearsal that went until 11pm, I opened up to her about my frustrations in life. She seemed to empathize and then under the context of another topic, it came out that she had broken up with her boyfriend weeks ago. Up to this point, I had firmly respected her boundaries to remain just friends, but immediately after this revelation I found myself considering the idea of asking her out. I'm only human.  On Sunday, I was prepared to give her a plushie of her favorite pokemon and ask her out after our performance. Before I could, she was informed that her friend had managed to get her a job interview that same day, so I kept quiet so as not to add to the things on her mind. The next day, I sent her a couple fb msgs asking to meet up. No response. I was prepared to write it off as her being busy, but then she started talking in the orchestra's group chat, while the sign next to my message remained delivered but not read. Clearly she was ghosting me, and I am still bewildered as to why. We had a great time at the con. Sure I may have been the stereotypical nice guy for driving her around, but I always made her laugh with jokes and kept the social awkwardness to a minimum with the rest of the group.  So the next day, Tue, after still no response, I assumed she was upset with me and asked one of her friends if she knew why. Well the friend was unhelpful but must have prompted carpool girl to respond because she did, trying to reassure me that nothing was wrong. Problem was I could sense passive aggressiveness in her writing, which stuck out immediately because she had always been polite, if not sweet, with me. I tried to call her out on it, because it seemed at the time that's what a self-respecting man should do. Well now I know I should have let her have her space or just gave up on her.  On Wed, she actually had a brief exchange with me. I tried to make my worries about her known in a humorous way, but probably came across resentful.  I think the situation might still have been salvaged at this point, with me retaining my place in the orchestra if not repairing my relationship with carpool girl. Well, I threw it all away last night. My friend, who recently landed a job, invited me out for drinks to celebrate. He knew I was feeling down too. What a great guy. Well I got way more drunk than I've ever been and sent a few pitiful texts. When I got home, our conductor had messaged me on fb warning me that she had received complaints of harassment. Normally I would have probably taken a step back and reined myself in. Well drunk me decided sending a few nasty messages accusing carpool girl was the right course of action. And almost immediately, conductor replied back that that constituted repeat offense, so I was out of the group.  Anyway thanks to anyone who read this far. It is already helping with my thoughts to have my side of the story out, even if you're complete strangers. God knows how they are maligning my name at this very moment. Certainly I'm not innocent, but I just know there's no one in the group who feels a shred of sympathy for me. I had been having near constant dark thoughts today, and I feel like the painful reality won't even set in until the day of their next rehearsal. Fuck I'm so mad at myself."	sw
"Sometimes i cannot distinguish between my thoughts and reality, and when i make up these scenarios something will grab my attention back to reality and hours have passed usually. I cannot stip it. All i hear is different people talk in my head and all the sudden im back into making up scenarios "	sw
"Ready to give up. I’ve thought about this a lot lately... I’m 19, male, and engaged to my beautiful fiancé T who is 20 F. And, I feel like I don’t have anything going for me. Ya I have a wedding and whatever, but, beyond that. I think I’m just making her life worse, I keep telling her she can leave me if she wants to, and that I wouldn’t blame her for doing so... but, I think she knows what’s going on because she always looks in my eyes with concern. I never actually communicate my feelings to her, because if I do end up taking my life I don’t want her to think it was her fault or that she could have stopped it. I have it planned out. There’s a bridge in the middle of my town with some big waterfalls, and, I think that’s how I’ll go. Jumping off the bridge... i don’t have a job, I rely on playing stupid concerts for the $30-70 pay they give out, and it usually just pays for a cigarette addiction...   T says I’m changing and it scares her. It hurts me to think that I scare her... I think she’s the only thing I have left, and that’s why I don’t do it. I hate seeing her cry or be in pain and, I don’t want that to be my fault that she’s hurting. Maybe I tell her it’s okay to leave me so I have nothing left to hold on to... I guess in a way, I’m holding onto a ledge and my fingers are starting to slip. I don’t know how much longer I can hold on for... but I’m close to breaking.  A little too close to breaking... -S"	sw
"To all the quiet ones. I think it's perfectly fine to be quiet during a social gathering and it's your choice to be that way. When people say stuff like ""Why are you so dull?"". They don't understand that you're just bursting with life and you're just sooo good at self control. So, basically what my fish brain is trying to say is. It's your choice to be quiet and you don't have to adhere to other people's demands if you don't want to. That is all. Have a good day."	cc
I want to end my life. I tried to kill myself last week. But i failed. I don't want to live anymore. Every day I'm just crying. I have a son who is 3 months old. He is a good boy. He doesn't cry much. I love him but i feel i shouldn't have been a mother. I'm so lonely and alone. No one talks to me.. No one cares about me 	sw
"Does anyone else really want stromboli? I don't know how I know about stromboli, but I googled it and it looks delicious. However, I have never had stromboli and I don't know where to get it. Even my mom (who is italian) has never heard about it. Does anyone else want to try stromboli? I feel like it's my calling."	cc
I can't fucking believe I pussied out After about 40 days of pure pain I decided I was going to kill myself. This was about two weeks ago. I can't believe I pussied out. I want to die so bad. Why couldn't I fucking do it? I don't have anything or anyone to live for. I just drift threw life. Nothing interests me. I get maybe half an hour of sleep a night from the pain. I just honestly can't fucking believe myself. I think I actually will this weekend. I just can't believe I didn't earlier.	sw
"I dont have an option to live a happy life anymore suicide is what i want and need We've been drinking with my friends this weekend and i have said such a nasty thing that i cant think about meeting friends anymore. I after i said this we had long talk and im so sad that i said that even tho i never meant to sat this but even saying words like that, i cant live with them, this was worst day of my life and it will haunt me forever if i dont do something. "	sw
"Please help. The lowest i’ve been So, I’ve known this dude for about a year. We basically lived together through this whole time. In the month of February, there really wasn’t a second when we were apart. We would spend our days binge watching shit on netflix, playing fortnite, get fucked up, and just fucking around. Nothing too exciting, but it was enjoyable. Tbh, i could see that i was falling for a dude for the first time.   One night, however, we drank too much and I took some K-pins and blacked out. That night, my friend and I had sex. (which went both ways) I wake up the next morning with an uneasy feeling. There’s a weird vibe in the air. I drop him off at home. He calls me @ 3 am the next day. I pick him up, and we chill for a bit. Something gets set off, and I asked him “what’s really going on” and he says “you raped me” and this rocked my world because he had a bigger part in this than me.   Now what happened that night is fucking terrible. But what is worse is losing him. It’s been about a month since I’ve seen him and I still think about him everyday. He’s everywhere I go. The only way I know how to cope is drugs or suicidal thoughts. I’ve tried reaching out to him and he just won’t reply. A reply would be good enough to save me. He’s of course removed me on social media. He used the situation to manipulate his people to get what he wanted. Right now, he’s at the beach in which i was planned to go, but obviously shit went down. I’d do anything for this guy. He’s the best person I met. I’ve never fallen for a guy and don’t find myself attracted to guys. But he’s different.  I don’t want to build relationships with anyone, cause no one is as good as this guy. I want everything to go back to the way it was. But it won’t happen. I have my whole life ahead of me, but none of it seems worth it, because he won’t be there.   I bet he’s just living his life. Making new connections. Not even thinking about it. I honestly don’t know what to do. I’m on the edge. I can’t sleep and when I do, he’s in every damn dream. He’s the first thought I think about when I wake up. I barely eat. I have no motivation to do anything.   Nothing is keeping me going. It’s hard to make it thru work, it’s hard talking to people. It’s hard being alive. I can’t find peace. Any help would be very appreciated!  "	sw
"If you had lived during The Prohibition Era of U.S. history, what do you think you would have been doing? Imagine you were living in the Roaring 20s and the Prohibition Era in the U.S.  What kind of person would you be? What would you have been doing? Would you be grudgingly following the rules or would you become a lawbreaker? Would you be protesting?  "	cc
"What would you like to receive if you were homeless? Myself and my girlfriend are planning to create a little care package for homeless people. We don't want to be giving out survival kits with tinned food; instead, we would like to give out items that would be reminiscent of the times when they weren't homeless.  Please let me know if you have any suggestions!"	cc
"Tick tick tock... 11 days... I set the date months ago.  Months of searching for the slightest improvement, the tiniest shread of hope.  But Im still as empty as I was back then.  The years of depression have taken their toll on me, they've worn me down. On the 15th of april I planned to end my existence.   But a recent conversation convinced me that if im gonna end it all I might as well enjoy it so I have decided to extend my time untill my birthday on the 21st of june. Until then i'll be be enjoying my time appearing fine to those who know me and getting drunk and enjoying myself on my own, I doubt anything will change my mind but I might as well give myself some time who knows. Plus theres somethings awfully poetic about dying on the day you were born.   I felt like I should tell someone my thoughts and rather than upset and worry those around me I figured I would tell some random strangers who wont care all too much.  We im here until the 21st of the 6th lets see how life fucks me over this time. "	sw
"My ex married the guy she left me for. I’m going to shoot myself in front of their house. 29/m -I can’t even get over this and it’s been 7 years. No one will ever love me, she’s happy with someone else and I’m worthless. I’m gonna die alone anyway"	sw
I am procrastinating on writing my essay. I'm stressed AF and could use some friendly conversation. It's for Greek philosophy. I slept through a lot of the classes because I dont sleep so well. It's hard for me to get to sleep because of my ADD.   I've written about 1100 words. It's 3500 words and due today. Agh.  Why do I always do this to myself?! Does anyone else have trouble with deadlines? Talk to me about how you get stuff done. Or talk to me about Greek philosophy. Or tell me how your day was. 	cc
"Missed probably the last chance in my life to end it all The title sounds wholesome but this is actually a huge dilemma for me lol. Since a child I just lived every day like it was my last because I really didn't know when I was going to snap and try to commit suicide. I'm /r/raisedbynarcissists so I knew life wasn't shit since before I was 10. When I entered adulthood I manifested dpdr for a while, one of the most extremely horrific things that any human being can go through, I tried ending my own life back then but I woke up to another miserable day as you can see.     Now that I've gone through probably the worst thing that'll ever happen to me, it feels like I have a reason to be in this world knowing no matter what happens it won't be as bad as round-the-clock torture. I can't live the way I used to, I never saw myself being alive for decades. When I expected death I enjoyed things so much more, but everything can't be pointless when you're forced to live."	sw
"What do you do when a friend ignores your text? You send a text to your friend, they don't reply and you know they have read it coz there's a 'seen' right below the text. So what do you do in such a situation? Do u stop communicating completely? Will it be rude to send another text? "	cc
"My aunt inadvertently stalks KD Lang My aunt and I are very close and she would often text me and say “I saw KD again!”  It wasn’t because she was a celebrity in and of itself, because there are a million of those in LA, and my aunt is not the last bit star struck by anyone, but it seemed that she was constantly running into her.  This happened for a few years and it is a running joke now that my aunt is accidentally stalking KD Lang.   Fast forward and my aunt and uncle decide to move out of state and are settling in their new place the first week and my aunt goes to the grocery store... and runs into KD Lang.     She texted me and said “I honestly didn’t know where I was for a minute.  It felt like the twilight zone.  I finally approached her and told her that I promise I wasn’t stalking her, but I had just moved here, and guess what?  She just moved here too.”"	cc
Anyone have tips on making good coffee? I’ve got a coffee pot and a container of the beans I like (although I haven’t tried different ones). I just can’t seem to make a good pot of coffee. It always tastes a little off. Any advice?	cc
"My Ex's entire family thinks I'm a monster and think I'm a potential murderer all because I bought a gun to kill myself. Hello, I've been dealing a ton of depression my entire life and the breakup between my girlfriend and myself caused me so much depression I attempted suicide from overdosing and that failed.  Fast forward a few months later I was still dealing with a lot of stress until I finally purchased a weapon, I was talked down by a roommate when I bought a gun in my room. However, he also knew my ex and informed her. She eventually got a restraining order against me even though I've never had a criminal record, I was never violent, never made a threat of harm against her, and there was no intention of ever hurting her. I wasn't even charged with a crime.  I now can't even contact her explaining the situation and I'm still very depressed. Her entire family thinks I'm a monster and I have no one in my life. This is probably the worst moment in my entire life, I'm so lost and I don't know what to do."	sw
"Im just waiting for death. My last words if things go my way. As I write this I am waiting for death. I took enough pills that will definitely fuck me up but hopefully kill me, and am cutting myself until I bleed out as a precautionary measure.   I can’t be happy. I don’t know how. The meds. The therapy. It doesn’t work. It’s not enough. 24 years of suffering. Years of therapy and meds and treatment. It’s all for naught.   I want to leave him but I’m so selfish for leaving him. He has no one. Im a horrible human for wanting to leave someone who has no one.   I want to meet my unborn child in heaven. I want to play with the child I should be 9 months pregnant with if he or she was not taken from me. I want to hold him. I want to feel him in my stomach. I want to feel him kick. I want to complain of being tired and swollen and wanting to get this baby out of me. I want to hold my child in my arms. I want to introduce him to my family.   I want to be with my father. I want him to yell at me and tell me to make good choices. I want to see him healthy and breathing. I want to hug him and roll my eyes when he annoys me. I want to laugh at his terrible singing and stupid jokes. I will take the bad with the good. The screaming the fighting the “fuck you”s. I just need my father.   I want to be with my friends who died. I want to explain to a that I’m sorry for not staying in touch. I’m sorry for not making up with her. I’m sorry for being so close to her boyfriend. I should have kept away knowing that it might be misinterpreted. I want to tell her how her mom wailed at her funeral. What an impact that had on me. How everyone turned up. How we all cried.   Im ready. God be willing, I will pass shortly. I will meet my maker and accept whatever comes. I accept responsibility. Mea culpa. Mea maxima culpa. I am sorry. "	sw
"My cat licks glue and it's adorable She's a black kitty around 14 and I love her  so much. She's my very good kitty friend, even though she doesn't like to be held and slobber over everything. Anyway she has a habit of licking any exposed adhesive surface, usually tape. She likes cardboard boxes extra because of the tape. She's usually pretty smart (she always respeonds to her name), but she still has her vices."	cc
"Trying to figure out how to live a life worth living when nobody seems to want to care or even acknowledge that I exist. No matter what I do, I can't seem to find anyone who will care about me. In my early 20s I had this same exact problem but I was in college, so people couldn't ignore me completely. My professor had to give me assignments and my classmates had to work with me on group projects. Sure, my professors barely gave me any feedback or praise even though I got As on just about everything, and my classmates did the bare minimum of interacting with me even though I always did most of the work on the project and compensated for group members that neglected to do their fair share - but at least they had to acknowledge that I was a living human being that could be talked to and would talk back in return.  Back then I was so annoyed by all that. But things were so much better than they are now.  I feel absolutely invisible. I cannot find anyone to care about the fact that I exist. I can go on a depression forum and post about how I feel and some well-meaning strangers with no intention of actually getting to know me will show up and say those same canned phrases - you matter, you're important, people care about you, don't kill yourself. And it's very nice of them to freely give up their time to respond to strangers on the internet like that, but unfortunately it doesn't help me feel any better. They don't know me, they don't want to know me, they won't ever know me. What I need is proof that one other human being will get to know me and care for me, at least to the point where they would miss me if I were gone. I have no one like that. It's probably been over five years since I had anyone like that.  I keep trying to figure out if there's some way for me to have a fulfilling life, even when no one will care about me. Maybe I could start caring for a bunch of animals, and make their happiness my goal in life, and maybe that would be enough. Or maybe if I make my life all about learning, the pursuit of knowledge would be enough to make up for the fact that I don't exist to anyone else. I ended up getting a cat and watching a ton of documentaries over the last few months. I love my cat, and she's probably the main reason I'm still alive, but she's less of a reason to stay and more of a reason why I can't go. And now I know a bunch more about Greek culture and World War II and the development of the computer, but it doesn't make up for the fact that I'm completely alone. I feel like a spaceman observing a planet from orbit, learning about all these other people and societies but never having a chance to interact with them.  So I have yet to figure out what I can do. It's gotten to the point where I fantasize about killing myself for attention. I used to think that sort of thing was just completely nonsensical, but it makes perfect sense to me now. I've been ignored and abandoned by so many people that killing myself might kill two birds with one stone. I'd be putting an end to a pointless, go-nowhere life and also possibly getting someone to actually acknowledge that I exist(ed).  A lot of people say the world doesn't owe anyone anything. And maybe that's true. But if it's really the case that this is just the way things have to be for me, then I don't really want to hang around. If the world doesn't owe me the opportunity to make a single friend, then I don't owe the world the ability to live guilt-free for abandoning me. Killing myself is really the only option left for getting at least a single person to take notice. At this point even that might be wishful thinking.  Growing up, it never crossed my mind that this is what life would be like."	sw
"I'm doing some homework for my business ethics course, give me something neat/interesting to return and respond to within my breaks (every 25 minutes)! Tell me about your day, tell me something I probably don't know, send me some music to listen to while I work, show me something you made, draw me something if you're so inclined. Anything is appreciated and I'll make my best effort respond and continue a conversation with all responses! (within my little timed breaks). Hope everyone is having a great day!"	cc
"Anyone else's beliefs/political views/outlook on life totally change in your 20s? I am about to be 25, and when I look at the past few years, my beliefs have radically changed. I used to be very conservative politically and now I lean much more to the left, even on issues I have always felt very strongly about. It wasn't college that made me this way, I just came to some of these realizations on my own. I also am strongly against having children (bio at least). This is another big change I've experienced.  It's weird because I can't help how I feel about certain things, but living in a very conservative southern state you get lots of flack for how you feel. I feel extremely alone and if I even admit how I truly feel then I get blasted for it. It sucks.  Anyone else radically change in your 20s?"	cc
"I am sorry I can't take this anymore. For the past 2 years I have been struggling with depression, anxiety and constant suicidal thoughts, but today things became so much worse.  My overall problem is that I just feel so utterly worthless and pointless. I cannot describe how much I hate myself. I know for a fact that I am never going to achieve anything in life whatsoever. I am an unlikable person and because of that I don't have friends. Nobody likes me, and for a good reason. I am so annoying and negative. Sadly, I can't seem to find a way to fix myself and that is why I certainly won't achieve anything in a social aspect.  But that is not where it ends. I have no chance of success in terms of career aswell. I am so stupid. I have no talent. When I was younger people used to tell me that I am good at math and physics and naturally I started believing them. I thought my life's purpose was to become a scientist one day. I was so naive. 2 years ago I realized that they all lied to me. I was never even mediocre in that field. Yeah, I won prizes on a few competitions, but for me that was sheer luck. I have never deserved them.   The situation became a lot worse today. I am on a competition again feeling like shit, because I know that I failed once again. My stupidity started becoming apparent. I feel worse than I ever have. I haven't eaten anything today. I am basically living on self-hate right now. I can't get out of the bed in the hotel room. The good thing is that my room is on the 16th floor. Maybe I will finally get the courage to finally jump and end all of my pain. I have everything prepared. What makes things worse is that I have told all these things to a girl that was concerned because my depression became more visible recently and is on the same competition and she knows that I failed, but she doesn't seem to care at all. She was telling me about how much she cared and how everybody would miss me if I were to kill myself, but now it seems like she doesn't care at all. I completely understand her, but it still breaks my heart and it hurts so much.  I am sorry that this post turned out to be such a mess. I just needed to vent because all these thoughts have been killing me from the inside."	sw
"a company just cancelled my interview tomorrow morning and i'm feeling more than bummed So I had an interview with a company at 9:30AM tomorrow and HR just contacted me 30 minutes ago saying that the position was filled. In all of my professional development classes, the profs have stressed how disrespectful and unprofessional it is to cancel interviews less than 24 hours before; they also stressed professionalism in general. I get that companies don't have the time to be so sensitive about feelings, but I'm pretty annoyed at how they confirmed my interview time this morning and within 8 hours, cancelled it. At this point, I'm so salty I won't ever apply to this company again, but that's just me. Also, why does it seem like professionalism and just basic respect is a one way street? Have any of you gone through the same ordeal? Or been on the opposite side and actually were the one to cancel?"	cc
"What sport should I play? So recently I had to forcibly retire my hobby of boxing because of my optometrist informed me if I kept taking head trauma my already weak optic nerve might render me blind. As of the last few months I'm kinda in this rut because I can't find a new passion so I was theorizing over what I could pick up. I'm 5'9 185lbs, decent sprinter as well as a vertical. I guess bodybuilding or powerlifting would be the natural place to move to but competitions are relatively boring to watch (I'm a fan but still.) Any ideas? I work from home so I'm pretty flexible. I'd prefer to stay my same body type but its not a requirement but I do want to be competitive in whatever sport it is."	cc
"My girlfriend asked her near-deaf uncle while he was out to pick up some Chips And Cheese for her. He returned with Chips And Peas It quite honestly looked nasty, and I haven't stopped laughing at it since it happened.   Have you ever had any hilarious misheard requests or misunderstandings with someone else?"	cc
"Lucid Dreaming I’ve been thinking about the concept of lucid dreaming, and how to do it.   I’ve read many articles on how to lucid dream, and I’m going to try it!  But, I have a couple of questions:  1) are you able to wake yourself up? Say you imagine something terrifying, are you able to remove yourself from the dream or do you just have to ‘ride it out’?  2) when you wake up, do you feel that you have actually had a sleep? Or do you feel that you have been awake the whole night?   3) what are the perfect conditions for lucid dreaming? i.e. dark room / laying on your back / no noise in the room that you are sleeping in (for example TV has to be off)  If anyone’s actually managed to have a lucid dream, let me know how it was!   :)  Kit. "	cc
I said something I don’t know why but I’m too scared to talk to any of my friends about what I did which I weird because I had told my parents I’ve tried a couple times before this but this time they believed me :) I went to see a therapist which was terrifying but I’m hoping it’ll help me feel a little less shitty honestly my reason was kind of messed up but it’s ok right? 	sw
I think April is my time to go This is it. I’m too tired to carry on. Someone please show they love me or even care this month because I’m tired of doing all the work. i’m tired of giving it all i got for everything and everyone..and in return feeling like no one gives a shit. I am absolutely super exhausted..like seeing me on Friday is a chore. An “oh alright...fine maybe friday too”...kinda crap. i’m absolutely done with feeling like shit.	sw
"I gave my cat kneeding paws for the first time I got her from a shelter just over 5 years ago and she barely let anyone touch her, it's taken a long time but I'm glad she feels comfortable getting loved on now."	cc
"Not temporary I feel like every time I talk to someone or I seek help on a website, I’m told that my suicidal thoughts are a permanent solution to a temporary problem. But this isn’t temporary. As long as I can remember I have hated who I am as a person. I’ve hated my personality and so had everyone else. I’ve tried to change it for 22 years but I can’t. I’ve tried therapy, medication, treatment... it all just numbs the feelings. When I want to cry and I can’t get tears out and I know it’s just because the medication stops the tears but not the underlying hatred I have of myself. No one likes me and I understand why. I don’t like myself either. And i can’t find a way to fix that. "	sw
"Are these memes true? I’ve been seeing 2 memes that just keep on coming up on the front page from time to time which get me thinking. One is the people on shows where you buy homes with crappy jobs and insanely high budgets, whats the best case you’ve seen of this? Like actual episode of one of these shows? Cause tbh i’ve never seen one like this. Its always a retired couple getting a holiday home.   Second is the CVS receipt, now i dont live in America and we dont have CVS here (not even sure what kind of store it is) but the receipts are long apparently. So are they always that long? If so than why are they always getting front page, shouldnt it be an overused meme at this point?   "	cc
If I kill myself I don't want people to think it was a bad decision 	sw
"I believe that I'm one of the most unlovable individuals alive I'm not doing so swell due to recent news. My uncle I never got to meet is dying and has been in critical condition after a heart attack so severe he had to be on various forms of life support. This especially hurts because he was a Vietnam vet and I'm really into history and would have loved to learn about his experience. This is my mom's brother and she doesn't deserve this as my other uncle a few years ago was diagnosed with cancer and told he had 10 years left. It luckily went into remission which was a miracle. Death is very cruel on my mom and she reacts the worst to it out of everyone in my family. Back in 2016, my sister's boyfriend of 7 years drank himself to death and very similarly was put on life support with absolutely no chance of ever waking up due to the severity of his poisoning. The plug was pulled and even the sight of his body in the hospital comes into my sight every now and then. Because of all this death material, it's made me feel very lifeless and gone at the moment. And I don't want to imagine what this is and will do to my mom. I care about her with as much love possible.  Talking about me as a person, I've endured nothing but abusive relationships (accept literally one) which is not my fault and I've learned to accept that. I often fall in love with idealized versions of people and then I see how insanely off the rocks and broken they are. I've been told everything imaginable from how they hate the way I talk, that my feelings don't mean shit, and that I am not loved. I've gone through relationships with cheating, gaslighting, suicide manipulation, lies, yelling, abuse, physical harm, you know it. And very unfortunately, it has all been to me. Somehow I'm still here and stable. Somehow. I was on antidepressants for a while and they honestly helped but started making me develop anxiety so I stopped. I have other mental illness but have seen a therapist and known how to cope and get a lot of stuff virtually fixed. So, I've been severely tolerant throughout all of this which is remarkable and terrifying. I have no clue how I've done it. I've recently been sweet on this girl who I've loved for a year and I've been so excited to ask her to prom but now it's just...gone.  I know that she will never love me and I think I have to accept that I am, well, unlovable. I have no clue IF a healthy relationship will ever occur to me and it even scares me to think someone will...love me one day. But it's been proven that love is just going to forever be unobtainable and that I may never feel as if I deserve any form of it. This has been a really bad night and I've never felt so lonely and my heart has just been in so much insane pain as I think about my uncle, and my abuse, and my trauma, and this girl who I will never have a chance with. It's all so painful and I feel so lost. I know that there's beauty in the world and I know that there ARE good things out there. But do I deserve them? Do I seriously deserve something good out of any of this?   And what scares me most in the world is thinking that I'm going to die unloved. It feels like this closer and closer reality and god I am terrified."	sw
"I upped my anti-depressants this week.. I increased my dosage of SSRI's on Wednesday, it's now Saturday and I'm just starting to feel a whole lot better. This morning I woke up, and as I was making coffee in the kitchen, I felt so peaceful and I realized my mind wasn't racing with intrusive thoughts.  It was such a god damned relief. I was doing everything I could to feel better- exercising, eating better, feeding my creative side.  and I still was so down.  I was having a hard time feeling any emotions at all, as hard as I tried to drum anything up.  But I just watched an emotional tv show and felt the tears well up inside of me and it made me SO HAPPY to be feeling things again.  Feeling anything but depression, even sadness, feels so wonderful.     Anyway, I just wanted to share. How's your weekend going, reddit? "	cc
"If only he knew My boyfriend took me out to eat tonight. Cleaned our whole house, poured me a glass of wine before he left for his business meeting. Told me he never wanted to give up on me.  All I can think of is how devastated he will be when I move out and leave him to fulfill my suicide plan.  Part of me hopes he finds out how I died, so maybe he understands that I still love him deeply. I ruin everything I touch, I’m doing him a favor. "	sw
"I feel numb for the past week and a half, ive been avoiding talking to any of my friends, and ive been staying in my room as much as possible. i feel numb and passive. nothing makes me all that happy. im just gonna vent a little bit... my step dad is a dick most of the time i try to talk to him, he either just ignores me or gives a shitty response. for example if i try to ralk to him about something that interests me, he""ll say something like ""ooooookkkkkkk"" or ""oh god dude."" i feel really, really, lonelly. a girl i liked is dating a guy and since her and i are good friends, she texts ne about details from their relationship,and it feels like a knife stabbing into me with every text. my Birthday was a week and a half ago, making me 17. i wasnt excited or anything. more depressed than anything. i hate getting older, there is so much responsibility, i have to rely on a fucking pill just to keep me focused for a few hours, it makes me feel useless and powerless, that the only way to make me act right is to swallow a pill every morning. I havent hurt myself in weeks because i dont get anything from it anymore. i dont feel it, and im just tired of opening the same scars everytime..   i cant think of shit else to say, so im done. sorry for wasting anyones time who decided to read this jumbled fucking mess."	sw
"13, addicted to opioids and i hate myself I can't even look in the mirror without crying about the disaster I've become, and the only time I feel somewhat good is after I eat my pills. Recently I realized how easy it would be to OD myself, but I'm also scared of that. Sorry if this is dumb or something but I really don't know what to do right now. "	sw
How much longer do I have to try before its okay to kill myself? How much longer do I have to try and think happy thoughts and put on a smile and laugh and learn social cues and take meds and go to therapy and exercise and socialise and eat well and go to work and all the things normal happy people do. How much longer do I have to do all this before I'm allowed to give up and  kill myself. Life obviously isn't for me. Just let me fucking die.	sw
"I just a something free from eBay I ordered an item on April Fools, and then canceled it cause I no longer wanted it, but I got a tracking and shipped email from eBay - I thought it was a fluke but I just got the package in the mail today :) I don’t mind free stuff, wondering if it’s because of April Fools or because of a mistake."	cc
"suicide I'm 16 and in grade 10, the end of the school years coming and I'm failing all of my classes but my mom thinks I have high 80's. I was loving my life all up until this year. I have great friends guys and girls. My father killed himself and I cant get it out of my head that I killed him. im the reason why he killed himself. My parents separated when I was only 8 years old. my dad was a horrible alcoholic and he beat me. when I was 11 he moved away and I had a restraining order on him. my mom manipulated me to make me hate him and all I wanted was to see him. he would always message me on facebook saying he loved me and I was always too scared to message him back. Just last year i came back from a football game and i got a phone call from my grandma (she thought my number was my moms) she told me my dad had been found dead inside his house. i didn't know what to do I hung up the phone and went straight for the gun we have in my house. and I was ready to take my life. my mom walked in just in time to save me. I'm sorry I rambled on but this, but this is my reasoning behind my death. I cant cope with the pain of me driving my father to death. I'm sorry, mom and dad I love you."	sw
"Asking about exam tips I struggle with email etiquette. Who else here feels the same? For example, is it ok to email a professor and ask about a certain question I saw in past papers and ask if it is ok if I answer it similar to an assignment we handed in with a similar question? Thanks!"	cc
"So hard to die I failed my hanging attempt again for the 8th time  I'm using the partial suspension method, and I cannot understand how it should work?  It's too slow to knock me unconscious, always giving me the chance to feel myself slowly dieing and then freak out untying myself last minute  I'm also afraid of surviving with brain damage too..  Full suspension seems too painful for me..  Someone please help me on this"	sw
"Let's talk about music with good lyrics! Hello everyone,  I'd like to talk about songs with good lyrics. Do you know any songs that you think have great lyrics? What makes them great to you? What is the song about and what do you think about when you hear the song? Do you think the lyrics fit in well with the rest of the song? Just go all out when telling us about the song! "	cc
3:30 tomorrow I have the symptoms of HIV. im getting a test tomorrow at 3:30 and if it comes back positive im going to kill myself. i dont want to hear anything about how the disease is manageable with medication or not a big deal anymore. i would much rather not be alive than live a long life with HIV. i guess we'll find out tomorrow afternoon what my fate is. 	sw
"Cant live for myself, can someone talk to me? Please. I just feel awful and alone. I thought I had someone but now I dont and everything sucks and hurts now. Im on campus rn, unable to move. Dont care to study. Dont care about my future. These thoughts are just a part of me and Im really tired and just want to end it. "	sw
"I just can't do it anymore. Every time I think my life is under control it all turns to shit. I try to keep it together for the sake of my daughter. She is the only thing keeping me alive. She is a year old and I think how sad it would be for her to grow up without a mom. Of course I also think how sad it will be for her to grow up with a mom who is as mentally fucked up as I am.   There is no winning in my situation. I want to end it so badly but have always been too chicken-shit. I have prayed to get some terminal illness so I won't have any guilt for dying. The guilt of ending my own life also keeps me alive.   I've been drinking a lot more than ever and have considered taking up weed again. Maybe that would help. I don't want to be happy, I just want to feel ok. I have always felt I am not cut out for this world. I'm too sensitive and weak. I was sexually abused from 6 years old until 17 years old. I never did anything to stop it despite having multiple chances to do so. I am haunted by it. There have been other traumas in my life as well and at age 35 I am tired. I'm so tired of everything.   I tried therapy but I kept getting switched to different doctors. I can't heal if I have to keep telling the same things over and over to different people.   I am plagued by nightmares and never want to sleep. I feel if I stay up that tomorrow will never come. But it does and I live the same day over and over. I am stuck. I wish I could disappear from this existence and start over somewhere else. Again, the guilt keeps me here. I can't abandon my girl, she is truly the light of my life. She is amazing and keeps me hanging on, hoping for a better day.   I want to go but I want to stay. I hold on to that small sliver of hope and fear that someday it will slip away. I just needed to vent. I hate these bad days, I hate my brain, I hate myself, I hate everything. I hate that I posted this, I just don't know what else to do right now. "	sw
"I was blind... but now can see In the matter of less then two years: Lost a dream job that I could have afforded the ‘help’ I needed, pushed that away though it was offered several times. Lost my supportive wife who went to the brink to help me the best she could. She truly loved me. Now she’s afraid, I don’t blame her. Never raised a fist, seldom a voice, no affairs from either. Loyal, loving, supportive. I pushed it away. Lost my two sons. Healthy, intelligent, much happier without me. I haven’t seen them since Xmas. Few texts here and there. Don’t want to spoil their happiness. Living in a dump with people I don’t know, that I don’t get along with. On thin ice with current dangerous job. Breakdown while at work, keep working through the tears. Rarely sleep, awake from cruel nightmares. Music is dead to me now, to many memories.  Have few remaining friends who try to help. But I’m tired of talking about it. I apologize for even taking about it when I do.  Owe debt.  To top it off, I’ve finally realized what I’ve been told my whole life. ‘Your fucking crazy’. Exhausted. I don’t want to get better and ‘heal’ from this."	sw
im too embarrassed to call a helpline 	sw
"Since I discovered reddit I am very found of it. Sometimes it feels like we all are a kind of highly dysfunctional family I love a lot of aspects of Reddit.  Some subs are awesome for the comments like r/outside, for the stories and climpse of others life like r/askreddit.  But I don't know why, since a month or so maybe more than that I have the feeling that specialized sub are slowly but surely filled with of topics content.  Especially r/accidentalrenaissance or r/cyberpunk and today I saw a picture completely off topic on r/peoplefuckingdying.  Am I the only one who witness this ? Am I too picky ? What you think ?"	cc
Almost threw myself in the river last night Toying with a knife right now.	sw
"only slightly disgusted with myself I can't sleep at all lately so I just stay up and eat junk food. I eat healthy during the day and exercise, but then at night I can't sleep and start raiding the kitchen. It's not a lot, but I really should break this habit. New medication I'm taking makes me hungry, pretty much everyone gains weight on it. I'm very concerned about it, especially since I'm now on 2 meds that cause hunger, but the medication is helping a lot with my mental state, so I guess I gotta take the bad with the good...  I wish I could just sleep instead, though. Just press a button and sleep for 10 hours. Anyone else get into a habit of late night snacking? How the heck am I going to keep from gaining weight if I'm always hungry? Going to be tough. Staying fit is hard enough as-is without hunger-inducing medications."	cc
"Do you ghost people? How has this become almost normal behavior? What is so hard about having a little respect for others by saying ""thanks for the conversation but I don't want to continue it"" or something? How do you end it with online chat partners?"	cc
"I realized that my music choices as a teen heavily influenced my choices even as an adult. When I was first starting to develop my musical influence it was a lot of Emo (hooray angsty teen years!), rap, R&B. 80's, hair metal, Rock, etc. As I've grown older all of that has continued to mix in but I realize even when I listen to harder things like Metal, I still look for one core component... meaning. One of my favorite songs is called Untouchable by Motionless in White for this very reason. I was just wondering if this was the same for others. Regardless of how old you get, what genre or band you switch to, is there something in it you can trace back to those style making roots?"	cc
Help I've been stress vomiting lately. About 7 times over the last few weeks. I'm pretty sure I had this weird sort of hypomanic thing that was off and on for two weeks and doesn't really fit criteria in length and consistency especially since people didn't notice and I'm fucked. I have my final exam for my incomplete this Friday. It was already extended but I'm a fuck up and have made no progress in my essay or notes. I also fell further behind in my other classes. I really would like to self harm and I've noticed myself telling myself that if it all goes to hell I can try killing myself. Idk if that's just now a fucked up coping mechanism or... i can't do this. My therapist hasn't been much help.  Right now my thoughts aren't too serious but I know from prior experience that I can go from not too serious to really bad and writing notes and holding stuff.	sw
"Suggest good songs, band doesn't matter, just good songs! My current playlist only has a 100 songs, I need to build it. I like these songs, just to give an idea- Time from Floyd, probably everything from Radiohead(fav album is amnesiac), Viva la Vida, Queen (show must go on, we will rock you, bohemian rhaspody), Imagine from Lennon.  Especially don't like anything that comes close to metal"	cc
"I hate everything about me Hi, this is my first post on reddit. I am an 18 years old programmer from Turkey and i hate everything about me.  I have no friends (i've only had one in my entire life), i am online 12 hours everyday (can be more at sometimes), i only go out when i have to. I think i'm very good at what i do, i make websites, games and stuff. I've only earned $3-4k in 4 years with my skills, i don't make enough money to live. (especially in turkey!) I thought it'd be very fun if i learn programming, it was fun at first but now i don't like it anymore.  I hate my gender, my country and my life. I am uneducated, almost everything in turkey's education system is about islam. I learned english on my own. I won't say much about our government because i don't want to end up in jail, but living here is hard. Our economy is fucked, most of turkish people are uneducated and thinks we have the best economy, army and we rule the world. I am ashamed of being a turk, i wish i was born in a country that values it's people.  I hate myself because i could be anything i want, i could be much better. I am smart and stupid at the same time. I wasted myself, ruined my own life. I know it's never too late to do things but i won't be able to live my childhood or my youth, i won't be able to do things i would love to do. I think life and existance is worthless, nothing makes sense, i don't even know what i am and why am i like this. I could born in canada, united states, europe or somewhere else in the world, why turkey? I could born as a billionaire, why am i poor? Why do i have to live this life?  The world is a bad place, people are evil and life is worthless.  I'm trying to live because of my family and my dog, i don't want to hurt them but when they're gone, i won't have a reason to live anymore and i will probably commit suicide.  I'm here if anyone can change my mind, prove life is worth living even if it's 18 years late.  (sorry if i made grammar issues)"	sw
"I Am Truly And Finally Sick of This Bullshit Called Life, I've Tried Everything And It Doesn't Get Better I'm literally sitting here crying writing this. I'm a failure, a worthless and useless person that nobody cares about. I've done everything people told me and suggested. I started eating healthy, started working out/doing sports, I made a healthy daily routine, I do Nofap, I'm doing everything that makes my life better, but it doesn't I'm still the fuckin' lonely guy who is a failure.  The girl I like doesn't care about me. We would have a date today, but she cancelled saying some fake shit why we can't meet. She said she is going to write me later, but she didn't. She doesn't fuckin' care about me and what I feel. I already confessed to her how I feel and she seemed to feel the same way, but I believe it was also fake shit. I don't feel like writing her, because she just doesn't fuckin' care. I'm not going to beg for anyone's attention I would rather die and that's what I'm going to do today. Just have to figure out how I'm doing it. It's not the first time girls rejected me. Every time I asked a girl out they rejected me.   People doesn't fuckin' care about anyone beside themselves they are all filthy scum of earth.   My friends? Do I have any? Well, I used to. Some of the moved away. Others are with their girlfriends 24/7 and doesn't fuckin' care about the guy who actually got them together. They didn't even bother sending a happy birthday text. What does it take? Like 5 seconds? Yes, but that's how much they doesn't fuckin' care. They don't even know I exist I suppose. One friend I lost to suicide. Another friend is always busy. I'm so fuckin' lonely and sick of living. I see no point. Next year I'm going to university, but I don't fuckin' care about that anymore. I want to die.  People only talk or text me if they need something, if I need something they don't reply. I'm always very friendly and help people where I can, but I get nothing. I'm sick of this.  Going to write my notes and I'll do it tonight. "	sw
"If a person knows how they want to kill themselves, but not when, are they still considered a threat to themselves? There is a method in place but no date set, other than ""It felt like something that would happen a long time from now, if ever. Now it feels like something that should happen sooner than later..."""	sw
I feel so alone. All I want to do is disappear. Whenever I think about going on I can’t. 	sw
"I need HELP ! please save me i'm gonna try to keep it short, lately,the taught of ending my life has taken over my mind, my motives are simple, i'm incompetent in everything I've failed school i'm broke and my social life is a nightmare i have no reason to live i'm numb to feelings i rarely laugh and can't remember the last time i was happy my existence doesn't mean anything to anyone not even me, but i fear death... i tried jumping off of  a cliff but i got scared and couldn't do it, i was incompetent in even killing myself. Living is hell,my job is terrible and i get bullied on the regular. Please give me reasons not to do it, but don't tell me that i have people who love because i really know that in year or so they would forget about me,don't tell me to seek help because where i live mentally ill people are considered psychopaths and made fun of,don't tell me to give it a chance because i did countless times and failed on each... But still help me with logical reasons or something that is true and not just to keep me alive and suffer   Thanks, Reddit. "	sw
"I just don't feel normal. It's my first time to post something here but I've been reading for months. I was suicidal and attempted to kill myself multiple times. My bestfriend really tried tk help me and I decided to go with him to get help from a professional. I'm on medication for almost a month now and it's been great. However, there are times that I just feel so fake. Like, one day I'm super happy. Another day I feel so shitty. Right now, i believe I'm really depress deep inside but I just don't feel it on the outer layer. I just want to freaking cry but I can't. I just want to be wanted and loved. I know my family and friends  do but I just dont think that way when I'm not sane. Is it normal to feel this way if you're on medication?"	sw
"It's too difficult in my school to be myself. Okay, here we go. I'm not putting this on r/LGBT because I'm afraid i'm gonna get downvoted to oblivion.   Being Transgender, it's difficult to my myself. It's... it sucks. Almost every damn door on this campus has a little sticker that says 'judgement free zone'. I appreciate the teachers who are supportive (they really do their best), but students don't. The GSA club at the school I go to literally hasn't met since January. We're supposed to meet every other Monday and discuss things, but the leader of the club has her hands too full to manage the club. Several other students have agreed to vote her out, but we can't meet because one of the members of the student body of the club have to attend. All of them are extremely supportive of her but at the same time don't want GSA to be involved. Even worse, MANY of the LGBT+ students on campus repeatedly harass me because they think i'm 'faking it'.  Questions:  What can I do about this?  How can I persuade my teacher to y'know, get a meeting up?   How can I deal with harassment without looking like a bitch?  Thanks, everyone."	cc
"Keep going! Hey everyone! Some months back i had made a post (Now deleted) about how i am struggling to cope with studying for a B Schools enterance exam and how i am losing hope. Forward to yesterday and i made it into one of the best B Schools of my country!   To anyone out there who may be going through a similar struggle , please do not give up. Believe in yourself, remember why you started and do not give up, trust me it will be worth it in due time.Youve got this!  Also, i'd like to thank you guys again for your kind words that day."	cc
I got fucking put on hold. I just needed someone to calm me down.	sw
I bet Sean Parker is happier now of Timberlake's portrayal of him in The Social Network vs Zuckerberg's reality at the moment. 	cc
"Can't find work and want to die Graduated with a Physics B.Sc. last year and left my masters program a few months ago as I was not enjoying the research and wasn't doing the work needed to get it done because of my disinterest. Been looking for work since. I've applied to 60 places so far, each with a tailored resume and most with a cover letter. I've have had 5 interviews, and none of them have given me offers. 1 place gave me a verbal offer so I rejected offers to local part time jobs as I was expecting to get the job, but then they sent me an email saying they were pursuing another applicant. They can go fuck themselves. Another company had me go through 3 rounds of interviews where the last round they had me meeting with the team and team leader I'd be working with and the HR manager and I thought it went really well, only for them to send me an email saying they as well were pursuing another applicant. I'm fairly close to just giving up at this point. I don't think I'm meant to work and be self sufficient. God is just up there laughing at my misfortune. Well fuck you God. I tried praying, fasting, reading the bible, repenting for my sins, in desperation so that He'd guide me to a job and it lead fucking no where. I'm just an inside joke up there in heaven and God and all His angels are just laughing at my inability to find work and complete lack of understanding what's wrong with me and what I need to do to just fucking support myself. Am I in hell? Is this world designed specifically to make me struggle in such a way that I think I have control and can succeed only for everything to backfire? Why the fuck can't I find work. I feel entitled to it after all these years of working hard for a degree that I was originally interested in. I have programming experience, personal side projects on a github page, a lot of internships. What the fuck is wrong with me? I just want to end it. I'm so close to being done. If I can't support myself and I have to leech off my parents and eventually society, then isn't the world better off without me? What the fuck do I need to do, prove to the world, to show that I am a hard worker and can provide value to a company? Why can everyone else find work so easily, all my friends, siblings, peers, colleagues, but I'm struggling so damn fucking hard to get anything? Why won't anyone hire me? Do I need to suck a CEOs dick? Because I'd gladly swallow anyone's cum if they'd give me a job. Do I need to cut off my limbs? If it meant I'd get a full time job with benefits and the ability to support myself and a family, I'd gladly remove every non-vital organ from me. I fantasize about going down to the lake late at night and just swimming as far as I can until I can no longer swim. Or taking my car down the wrong way on the highway and closing my eyes. Or covering myself in black clothing and laying on the train tracks late at night. Anything to escape this waking nightmare."	sw
"Taking my drivers test today. Kinda excited, pretty nervous. I’m worried about the whole thing cause I’m taking it in a town 30 minutes away and I really don’t know the roads there that well. Also, in Ohio, you have to do a weird maneuverability test with a bunch of cones and stuff. Oh boy, so exciting."	cc
"I am much happier since finding Reddit and participating rather than only lurking. I work it seems non stop. On days off I have school. My only interaction are the random acquaintances I meet at the bar. The only romance I get are one night stands at the bar. The only continuity I get are from the subs I subscribe to. Thank you all my dudes and dudettes.  I get to have real academic discussions now. I get to laugh my ass off when my day is lame. Thank you all for your snarky, hilarious, educational comments. (Best stuff is always in the comments.)   - From a perpetual loner "	cc
"Really want to do it So imma be completely honest, im 18 years old. Im a very shy person, and I always struggled to have friends. I currently have like 3-4 friends but we don't really hang out a lot.  So almost 2 years ago I met an awesome girl who made me change the way I looked at my own life, she made me happy, she made me feel like there was something else to live for. She is the first and only person I've ever loved. The only person that truly understood me.   Now shes gone. Several trust issues and low self esteem from both of us made us fight a lot. I still love her and im sure she still loves me but she tries to convince herself that shes better off without me.   Before her I felt sad almost every day and I never really tried to kill myself but I still wanted to do it. Now I've become a dependent person and I literally need her to feel OK, without her I want to kill myself and I just feel sad overall. I already tried ODing on some substances but it didnt work  It's not good. I don't like my life without her. She was perfect for me. "	sw
I think it's time for me to just go now This is probly going to be the first post on this subreddit that I don't give a shit about but honestly I don't know what I'm doing anymore I've come to the conclusion of hanging myself within the next minute of posting this post and I have no idea what to do I just want to f****** cry I just want to f****** die I hate myself I hate myself so much I hate my life this is a Rant and hundred percent sure no one is going to read this but I just feel so f****** and lonely and I wish someone loves me but no one ever will no one ever has f****** hate my family as I hate my friends all they keep doing this bringing me down and keep showing in my flaws and insecurities I hate everything about myself I hate everything about my life I can't stand it anymore all I ever wanted in my life is to be happy and to have someone that I loved and that could love me back but I realised a long time ago that that's not going to happen and it f****** sucks so much I just want to die it is not I am going to hang myself now and f*** I don't know what to say I know to f****** say and don't even have the willpower to type anymore I am using voice recognition that's what a Lazy selfish piece of shit human being I am I need to f****** die I just need someone to hold me and whisper in my ear that everything is going to be alright but I am know that it's not and that my future is only going to be worse its the best for me to kill myself right now  and I don't know what to do don't know what to do I don't know what to do I don't know what to tell	sw
"Any suggestions to expand on my hobby of rapping. While i have been away from my home state i have showed and preformed some written raps to people here in rehab and i have never gotten such a positive response in my life, they all say i should keep at it and pursue this, the trouble is im not sure what sources there are to further my skills, i have a pretty good idea on how the english language works but could work on my grammar.  If there is anyone who might have some ideas or thoughts on how to improve lyricism and rapping as a whole id love to talk."	cc
"Nobody will understand I have had 2 seizures about 3 years ago then a year later another one, I was about 14-17 when they all happened, because of this I’m unable to get my drivers license for a long time, by the time when I did all my friends were driving regularly but I still could not, even now when I have my drivers license nobody can teach me to drive or come with me to show me how but my parents say it’s up to me to learn but every time I asked they say there to busy or tired, now I’m looking to go to college or get a better job for myself but I can’t get myself to work and back I use Uber but for those jobs that are too far it’s not worth the money everyday, and every time a family member brings up the fact I’m not driving my parents say it’s up to me and it’s my fault I’m not driving, they call me lazy constantly but I want to learn nobody cares enough to show me they just blame me,  I need to to change my life I can’t take this everybody I know has it easier, I’m also a 19 year old virgin witch even just saying that makes me depressed, my life needs to just end but when I really think of the thought of jumping off a building or shooting myself it’s too much I don’t believe I’m able to do it, i pray that someone else could kill me so I wouldn’t have to, Ive asked god so many times to just help me change my life I’m stuck doing the same thing every day I have only ONE friend and when we hangout it’s the same thing over and over, I’m going to go crazy if I’m not already I can’t speak to girls I’ve NEVER been able to I just freeze up I’m not funny enough or just too awkward, I hate my fucking life, I’m always going to live in my parents basement because I can’t make more than minimum wage due to not being able to drive to any work areas, I truly hope that a contract killer see’s this so that maybe I could pay you to kill me I have 3000 dollars in my bank account for who ever would do it, I can’t believe I went though my whole life to just end up no where with no one disappointing everyone I ever befriend or known, I’m a waste of space on this planet and shouldn’t have been born I don’t understand why I was put on this earth if I’m just going to wanna end up killing myself,   If anyone has any super easy ways to kill yourself that’s not very painful please let me know I just want this to end , I don’t wanna wake up again when I sleep I never wanna wake, please god end this I’m so tired of suffering everyday. "	sw
"Let me know your current mood and I'll send you a song based on that through YT links Honestly it could be how you'd like to feel tbh and I'll send you a song to help you transition into a new mood. It's all good. Just a song emotion thread.  My music taste is mostly easy going and nuanced. There'll be nothing too intense or weird. Nothing too jarring or problematic and just let me know if there's a genre or artist you'd like to avoid entirely lol.  For instance I'm a huge RHCP fan and I love jazz and G funk and vapourwave but like to dabble in all genres ideally, fun to explore new horizons. Belle and Sebastian, Madvillain, Sufjan Stevens etc. Stuff like that."	cc
"How do I know, will everything work out? Is this normal? I'm from India, and I'm trying to be an EDM producer and Dj. I have been producing only 2 years now. I don't have much followers, but my music is getting much better with time. I know it takes time and experience in such field, and I'm being patient too. But everyday I have that feeling that will I ever make it? I'm doing my engineering, my grades aren't good. They're low, I cannot depend my future on college, and production is a reason of my less grade. That's why there a constant worry in my mind, have I ruined everything? Will I ever make it? What if it's the worst decision of my life. I wonder is this feeling normal? What should I do? I'm very stressed. Literally very much, because in India taking an unconventional choice of Career is very rare.. And scary. "	cc
"I don’t see the point, I’m done. "	sw
Hello Reddit! So after months of lurking on this site I finally decided to make an account! Are there any unwritten rules I should know or sub Reddits to avoid? Thanks!	cc
"I wanna give up. I wanna die.   I wanna die. Or just completely give up.   I can't take it anymore. I'm sick of things going wrong. I'm sick of being the bad guy. Sick of never catching a break.   Sick of seeing other pepoe get away with fucked up shit, but if I do it it'd be a problem. Sick of being punished for calling them out on it, but they'd be praised if they do it.   Sick of always being punished for everything I do. Sick of always being wrong. Sick of always being blamed. It's always me. It's always my fault.   I'm always the shitty person.   I can't take any of it anymore I'm so tired.   I've been tired for weeks now. And every day it gets worse.   I can't catch a break. I'm so ducking tired.  I don't know what to do anymore.  I can't take it.  I'm home alone. Maybe it's a sign.   But I dunno what to do.  I can't take it.  I just can't."	sw
"My new workout/nutrition plan started yesterday As an exercise science major, I always exercise in different ways. I play sports, I lift weights, but to be honest I sometimes eat terribly. I decided for this summer I wanted to look better than ever, so I set up a 3-4 day full-body workout plan, as well as a nutrition plan. I am normally good with sticking to these types of things, and the nutrition isn't even that terrible/strict to be honest. I'm not looking for like a washboard 6 pack, just maybe a flatter stomach and muscle definition you know?   Are you guys on any workout/nutrition plans? What do you do if you are? Do you guys have any questions regarding exercise/nutrition for me? "	cc
"Let's chat I just went to fridge to get a beer and realised I had only 1 left! Of course I thought ""What the fuck, I had 8 of these just a few hours ago!"" Now the beer is gone and I just feel like typing. I like typing when I'm drunk. I don't know why but I rarely make grammatical or spelling errors when I'm drunk. Maybe it's because I'm just that good (humble brag) or maybe it's because I take great care to make sure I don't make mistakes, especially when I'm drunk.   Wanna chat about something? Maybe about the fact that I'm soon supposed to hear from a job I've applied to. Or maybe about the fact that I paid rent this month only 4 days late. Or maybe about the fact that I'm dangerous to the general public.  I haven't showered in a week because I'm a shut-in and I hate the shower in my apartment. It's so fucking small! Nothing sucks more than having the shower curtain stick to your skin. In my shower that's un fucking avoidable. My life's a fucking mess but I've never felt more content with it than I do now. Finally I'm in a decent place mentally.  Goddamnit I'm rambling. Just wanted to start a conversation."	cc
"Do you like slasher movies? Why or why not? I’m curious about this because I LOVE slasher movies but, if I’m being completely honest, I’m not quite sure why.  I don’t really get enjoyment out of watching people die (I mean I love a fun kill but it’s not the reason I watch these movies). I suppose there’s a sort of comfort to them, after all most of them are the same.  Also, if you’re not quite sure what slasher movies are they’re films like Halloween, Friday the 13th, Scream, etc. Mostly teens being stalked by a killer. "	cc
I wish I could drift off silently 	sw
"Fun birthday events or activities? It my birthday again today, and I could not be feeling worse, been pretending I did not plan anything out in front of my parents because I have just been my usual nerdy self while in fact i just could not think of even 2-3 friends I could hang out happily with. What are some activities you might recommend that i might enjoy to make my day more enjoyable :) ?"	cc
"I volunteer to litter pick parks around where I live so that kids don’t have to play around needles, broken glass and general litter. The amount of times that I’ve been doing it and a mother or carer have loud and blatantly told their kids not to go near the “smelly man”, “dangerous man” and the, I shit you not, “disgusting cunt”.   I’m a tall, athletic 22 year old bloke and I’m well groomed, it just shows how people judge you for doing something that they deem below them!   Yeah, by all means, be wary of any person wandering through the park, but don’t be rude! I’m trying to help! :)    Edit - I don’t know why the flair says gaming"	cc
"I'm killing myself soon Hi guys. So, looks like I'm killing myself soon.  Now, this is, like, the 6th or 7th time me posting stuff like this in this sub over the years, but, *maybe* now it's actually the last one. I really hope so.  I used to think of such an end like of something really sad, but now, honestly - I don't really feel anything.  I opened a Reddit today, and what do I see? Oh, [150 dead in Syria gas attack, rescuers say](https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/8amk7l/150_dead_in_syria_gas_attack_rescuers_say/), what a news! Oh, wow, there is a video! Oh, some infants lying around, dead of gas, who, as it turns out, didn't really had a single chance in their lives?! Eh, nothing new...  Seriously...this life - it doesn't have any meaning in it, ultimately. Some of us are more lucky, some - less, and - that's it. Outside of Western world - there are completely sick stuff going on.  Anyway...if someone wants to say something - you're welcome. I'll just be packing my things meanwhile, so I can get off this crazy life sooner.  Thank you."	sw
"So a giant thunder storm just swept by last night Last night, a giant thunder storm passed through where i lived, and it was INSANE!  There was lighting so bright it lit up he whole room when it was pitch black from the power outage which happened cause of the storm.  Crazy but cool to experience"	cc
"Excitement about a future you might not get to experience? It's a crazy modern world we live in with so much science and innovation happening constantly and I understand none of it. I am not intelligent or passionate enough to learn the world enough to add to it, but, I experience as much of others achievements as I can. I am particularly excited about the notion of combing the human body with technology. Whether it is from birth with something like CRISPr or being able to access internet from anywhere on/off Earth with an implant, all biotech interests me something vicious. Though, when I converse of the future and the possibilities of humans, most people only discuss how fearful of technology they are. They don't fear the robot in their hands that they cannot separate from but they are scared of a robot living inside them that regulates their health...hmm.  Anyone else excited for the future and not fearful of AI and such? Anyone actually smart and want to enlighten me on why I should be scared? Or, anyone actually smart just want to talk about future stuff to get me jazzed? "	cc
Do you feel like you're constantly wasting time? I do. Like if I watch a movie I feel like my two hours could have been spent doing something better. Then later I think back and there's probably nothing else I could have done that WOULDN'T make me feel like I wasted time.  It's like a grass is always greener mentality that I can't break out of. Anyone else like this? Have you done anything to break that cycle?	cc
"Activating plan Gang  I just realized I'm a social outcast now and it's time to activate the plan.  In other threads I posted about how my daughter falsely accused me of sexual abuse (a lie planted by her mom) and they say it's a ""shady story."" What actually happened is she slept with me until age  seven and her counselor told her that was sexual abuse.  (There was no touching and she wanted to sleep with me.) I miss her and lost a marriage over depression from losing her and i don't want to live without her.  In the dating thread women said they don't want someone who is divorced three times.    My depression has become botomless and treatment isn't working and there is no place left for me here.  I have an medically sound plan that will make it look like natural causes so it doesn't traumatize her and it's time to activate it.  I hope you all find some hope somewhere.  Life is a sweet gift and it was good while it lasted."	sw
Talk About Your Dog ... I like dogs. Tell me about your dog.	cc
"anniversary   Yesterday was the four-year anniversary of my beginning to self-harm. April 3rd has always been the day of relapse for me.    Last November I was hospitalized after an overdose. The EMT taking me to the hospital told me that I need to think about what my death would have done to my family. As if that wasn't the one thing preventing me from a serious attempt this whole time. The doctors and nurses kept asking me why I did it, and I had no reason to give them. How is it that being done with this fucked up world isn't enough? I ended up lying through my teeth to get released.    I have been diagnosed with MD and anxiety. I have a support network of family and friends, and three different counselors. It seems like none of this helps me in a time of crisis. I'm awful at asking people for help.   I just want to die. How is this such a big thing to ask for? Death is inevitable, anyways. It's the final goal. How is it that the one thing I'm willing to fight for is the only thing my body is fighting against?"	sw
des francais pour en parler ? il y a des français pour parler du suicide ?	sw
Depressed and could use a friend 	sw
"Something is wrong with me I have struggled with depression almost all my life but I have recently seen that I I have moments were I am a spaz and harm others, and other times were I’m very happy but I talk gibberish and I have a lot of energy. I’ve never noticed but I can’t keep living this cycle of unpredictability and possibly harming others. So I have begun to think of suicide plans. "	sw
"I dont know why. My mind is just... Contempt. Like its used to it all. I dont know what I'm going to do. All day I hear it. And they've just been getting louder and worse. While yesterday and the day before it was ""I wish I was dead,"" ""why am I still here,"" now its ""I wont be here much longer."" ""Might as well enjoy it while it lasts."" ""I should say my goodbyes."" But I dont want to say goodbye, because... I dont know anymore. I dont want a coward's way out but my mknd is flooded with it nonstop. How do you ignore something that is there all the time? Its like trying to ignore the fact that your surroundings are on fire. You can try all you want, but everythings still burning. And I'm afraid. Because I dont know what happens next."	sw
"Anyone else tired of being unsuccessful? As I sit here watching another reality tv show about people who became famous for doing nothing I’m extremely frustrated with my life. I can’t stand the thought of doing the same thing everyday until I die: go to work, pay bills, save almost NO money, go to sleep, repeat.  I have no college degree but an okay job (making less than 15$ an hour) and living in an apartment I can barely afford (1 bedroom and 1 bath in my area of New York is wildly expensive.)   I feel in such a rut. Is this really what life is? How do you cope with the existential dread of life?"	cc
"What are you having for dinner tonight? I am making macaroni and cheese.  Yes, it's the boxed version,  but it's easy and everyone likes it.  My wife does make a pretty kick ass version on her own (non boxed version), but I  feel lazy right now, haha.   Other than what you are having tonight,  what is your favorite meal to make?  Mine is either French Toast or chicken parm."	cc
"Just looking for people to talk to! Hey all! I’m super bored and I’m looking for people to talk to. I love dogs, and I love helping anyone whenever I get the chance. I’m a firefighter, I love snowmobiles, and I love archery! "	cc
Just Took 1250mg of Zoloft In truth it's somewhere between 1250 and 1300mg as I took 50 last night at around 10pm as part of my actual medication. I just don't want to live anymore. Life is shit. Don't know why I'm posting this.	sw
"Can't get help I've suffered on and off from depression my whole life. Suicide runs in my family like diabetes runs in other people's family's.   I fought against medication for a very long time. But finally broke down in such a way I was sure I wouldn't survive without it.   And it helped. So much!  I didn't feel ""okay"" but I was much better.   Then my husband lost his job and with it our health insurance.   And with that, my medication. Because my doctor has refused to extend my antidepressant prescription unless I get therapy. Which I can't afford with my husband out of work and no insurance.   I contacted the sliding scale therapy/ health coverage people and the wait list is 1 to 3 months long (depending on need, based on their evaluation of my self evaluation compared to others').  I've been off my medication almost a week. I feel the depression getting worse again. And I'm so afraid of getting back to where I was.   My husband wrestled a loaded gun from my hands 3 months ago. I was trying to shoot myself inn the head.   No one will help me. And I don't know what to do.   I don't want to sink that far again. I was going weeks without showing or leaving my bed for anything other than going to the bathroom.   What do you do when no one will help you help yourself???"	sw
"An old friend just called me out of the blue It was so unexpected, but so nice. It was an old college friend I used to meet up with a couple times a year, but my life has completely changed since we last saw. It's so refreshing hearing the voice of not only someone I like, but reminiscent of a time in my life I also liked. It's the first time all year anybody has called or invited me anywhere just to say hi or from keeping me in mind. It's very comforting, I thought I had been completely lost. Anyway, how are all you Saturdays going?"	cc
"I don’t want to do it. I don’t ACTIVELY want to kill myself. I just want to be dead, and I feel like there’s no way out of the problems I’ve caused for myself. It almost feels like this is destiny, like everything I’ve done has led to that final moment. It’s scary to feel that way, as if I have no control over it. I’m hiding it from my doctor and my family. Everyone thinks I’m fine. Oftentimes I find myself running a bath, drunk, with a razor blade in my hand but never with the courage to go through with it. I know I need to either do it or get help but both seem equally impossible. "	sw
"Anyone else been scammed this hardcore? So here I am traveling a lot for work, working 12 -14s a crap ton, and just doing my thing.  Login to my Bank today, and find out I am $490 short, and there is a long list of fraudulent charges from Uber.  I use Lyft, but that was like 1 time while I was in Seattle on a layover for work. Other than that, I don’t use rideshares, I can drive perfectly fine.  So as both a PSA, and a reminder, be vigilant. Check your accounts 10X a day, always think someone is going to steal from you.  My card is shut down. I have to use cash for everything for a while. And now I am short $490, and awaiting Uber to ignore me some more, and make contacting them a pain in the ass, trying to avoid making my credit union pay for a thug’s joy rides.  I need something to cheer me up!   (Crack the jokes now...): UPDATE: Found out it was someone named ""Wang"" who stole my debit card... Yep, have fun! That will cheer me up!"	cc
I can’t do this anymore I know a lot of my struggles aren’t as severe as others and I probably don’t have a place to say anything like this but I seriously feel like I have no place being alive anymore. I feel like I’m constantly ruining everything and I feel like whether I’m here or not wouldn’t matter to anyone. I’m not diagnosed with anything and even if I try to talk to someone about how I’m feeling like to my mom I just don’t think she would listen. I’ve been to counsellors and therapy before and my mother just told everyone how she thought I felt because even when I flat out try to tell her how I feel about things she cuts me off to explain how she thinks I feel. It’s not just that it’s just I don’t know how to seek help without feeling like I might be imagining how I’m feeling or feeling like no one will listen or care. I’m ruining the one good relationship in my life because of all of this and I just don’t know what to do anymore and I just don’t want to be here.   I don’t think any of this makes any sense and I apologize I don’t even know why I’m writing here I guess I just would like some advice to keep going idk I just feel worthless and hopeless lately and like I have nothing left to live for	sw
"I don’t think I can live with myself anymore I wake up everyday and I feel like shit, I feel fat, useless, and depressed. Then I go to school for the day, and I talk to my friends and make jokes about depression almost like a weird cry for help. The only thing that’s keeping me from trying to comit suicide is one girl, that I’m pretty sure likes me, and I want to ask out. Will I ever ask her out though, of course not I’m not confident enough to, and I’m also to scared to face rejection. I go home and I take a nap and when I wake up I feel even worse because I think I’m too lazy and that’s why I’m fat and un-confident. Then I eat my feelings like that’s gonna help. I also have a pornographry addiction that I keep trying to stop, but I can’t, it’s like I’m just a passenger in my own body and I can’t take it anymore. I just want to change, but I feel like I can’t turn off this road I’m on, and I’m scared to death that I’m going to die old and lonely without any kids or a wife. So damn scared, so scared that sometimes I convince myself that suicide is the only option, because no one likes me, no one fucking cares. I feel as if I’m trapped in my own head all the time, and I have no one to talk to, and that just makes me all the more sad. I just wanna change, but I don’t think I can, and if I can I’m probably gonna find some way to end my life. I don’t know when or how, but if theirs no change in my life soon, I think I will end my life."	sw
"Rambling. I'm going insane and I want to kill myself I have nobody to talk to about this and just need to tell somebody. This text is unedited so it might suffer from spelling mistakes and incomprehension .  My life is objectively good. I was born into an upper class family and live in a good city. I had a great education and am in a top college. I'm smart, decent looking (although I've always had body insecurity), and social. I guess I'm the poster boy of ""anybody can suffer from depression"".  Why do I want to kill myself? I don't know. When I think about my life I see another seventy years or so ahead of me, and only imagine pain. I see my mom and dad dying, my sister dying, my dog dying, my friends moving on, my career going nowhere because I have fuck-all work ethic.  I've never been in a relationship before because I am emotionally detached from other people. I can't talk to my mom or dad about this stuff because they won't know how to deal with it. All I want is a girl I can be completely honest with about absolutely everything, I think if I had that I could maybe be happy. But honestly I can't see that happening because   At this point suicide just seems logical. Why bother going through all the pain life forces upon you when there is a very clear out.   I wish I had the opportunity to give my life to somebody who would take advantage of money and a good education, maybe they'd be able to change things. I was in Brazil last year travelling through the favelas and I saw all the poor kids begging. All I could think was ""why couldn't they have born in my position instead of me.  There are 7 billion people on earth, how many of them will you meet, how many of them will you form relationships with? Imagine that perfect partner for you out there that would make you the happiest person in the world. You will never meet her.  Think about how life after 25 is all downhill. Why not kill yourself at the peak? It makes sense to me. My plan right now is to take as many risks as I can to make sure I'm dead by that age.  Life is so unfair, so fuck life. Suicide is a form of protest. If I wasn't such a fucking pussy and actually had follow through in my life I'd kill myself, although I couldn't put my mom through that. I've gotten into drugs recently, xanax and stuff like that. If I don't turn my life around soon, I'll just overdose on painkillers or something.  Fuck this world, hopefully the next is better.  Anyway, I might be bipolar, but I've never been diagnosed.  Sometimes I am in a great mood and sometimes I'm yelling to myself that I want to die. Right now you might be able to guess which mood I'm in.  I wasn't exactly a bully when I was younger, but I do remember instances of me picking on people and making them feel bad. Anyway I've become a far more empathetic person now, but all the pain I've caused in my life has come back and won't leave me alone. It eats at my fucking brain. I can't sleep at night without thinking of the time I made fun of somebody for being fat or ugly, even though I didn't do that anymore than the average person.  People are terrible to each other by default and it's only getting worse. When I go online and go out in the world I only see people being horrible to each other and it makes me hate the world. Why can't we treat eachother with respect?   If anyone reads this, you might tell me I can easily change things. and I'm fully aware of that, but death is easier, so death it is.  Thank you and goodnight.  "	sw
"Mommy’s Gonna Go Now. I have a happy, healthy two year old boy. A nice apartment in a picture perfect California town. A handsome boyfriend who has a fantastic, well-paying job and a nice car. A nice singing voice. These days, I have it all. Except a sense of self.  I spent my childhood reading. I’ve easily read a few thousand novels trying to find a reality I belonged to. (And no, none of them did ever feel right.) My mom was a neurotic drug dealer, so after he quit smoking the shit she sold, my dad found a nice Christian lady to knock up and left her. My grandparents raised me. They were abusive. They tried to take care of me but behind closed doors, were constantly attacking and blaming me. Here’s this drug-spawned bastard child coming into their home and ruining their retirement. I don’t blame them. My grandmother was a tough lady. She worked for Bank of America, and was very well organized and put together. But she never passed along the knowledge.  She never taught me to style myself, to fold and wash clothes, or how to do chores. I didn’t even know that you have to brush your hair daily, or that socks are absolutely necessary. In fact, she told me I was not allowed to do any chores because I would inevitably fuck her house up by trying. She sat on my chest and throttled me once for getting a “Red Card” (rule infraction) in 1st grade. Gave me a concussion as a tween for “stealing” pills that she had misplaced. Never allowed me to do sports, or clubs. No visits, no birthday parties, absolutely no sleepovers.  Wake up, go to school, read, receive beating, sleep. Repeat.  Grandma was diagnosed with cancer in 2012, and by 2015, they decided that they could not deal with a “Problem Child” and the big C at the same time. One had to go, and I was the easier option to purge, so they sent me packing.  I was an extremely socially inexperienced young lady who hadn’t so much as been to the movies with friends, now 16 and homeless. I didn’t know much. I just wandered the streets with a few books in a backpack. I started smoking weed, drinking, hooking up with the occasional friend to allow myself a bed to sleep in. Fell “in fatuation” with a man who beat me unconscious and, fuck my heart, damn near broke my spirit. I had his baby at 17, and despite the deep 3 inch scar on my face left as a daily reminder, I was delighted to have a child. I was SO determined to give him a life I never had. Goddamn. I was so ignorant to the experience and knowledge I would need that I did not have. I’m not all bad. I can sing beautifully and I am an amazing cook. I’m pretty damn funny and, although I do have acne, I’m not an ugly woman.  So, I got lucky. Met a cool guy who fell in love with me.  He is gorgeous, much more attractive than me. He was raised in a rich town, pushed hard to succeed by parents and a brother who truly care, and now he pushes me hard in turn.  He is a leasing agent, top of his team. He is very logical and unemotional. He loves me and is as gentle and caring as he knows how to be. He just doesn’t understand how anybody could be so creative and intelligent but so deep in their head they can’t even perform basic tasks.  My grandma passed away a few weeks ago and ever since I’ve just wanted so badly to go be with her.  I realize now that I’m so ill-equipped to care for my son it would be a disservice to that beautiful little boy to make him suffer living with a clueless alcoholic mom like me. I can’t even take care of myself. I’m just in pain constantly.  My boyfriend is in debt, despite making more money at this job than he ever has. He pays my bills and helps take care of my son. He drives me everywhere because I can’t drive. He wants to help me so damn bad but he’s going under in the name of love. He does so much to try and help me succeed and I try so hard but I always fall short, always.  When we met I had a suicide plan and his faith in me made me believe maybe I am not worthless. So I scrapped it and decided to really give life my all. We got an apartment together. I started meditating and became vegan. I managed to talk my way into two jobs. Stuff was okay.  Then I started ruining the apartment. Clumsy scuffs on the wall, burned holes in the carpet, stained the wood. The jobs? Was fired from both for “inefficient performance”. One was a MARIJUANA DISPENSARY. And if you’ve ever been in one, you know the workers don’t exactly need special skills, or even real intelligence. I live in my head, a constant sad-eyed daydreamer. Could not focus and was let go. I don’t drive, and I have a panic attack each time I try. High school dropout. Checks from the government to take care of me. Mental illness galore. My appearance is unkempt, im one of those “She’d be pretty if she tried” types.  It’s been over a year since I fell in love with this amazing man and scrapped my plan, and I’ve decided for everyone’s benefit, to leave him. I will get my own place, with minimal belongings of my own. Spend the rest of the year with my son, making a plan for him to be adopted by someone, spend one Christmas with him, then I will do the world a favor and leave. I need to find the story I belong to. "	sw
Please can people support this user. Please. u/yas98	sw
"Been bleeding for hours, blacking in an out, is there a a way I can tell if I will finally die tonight? "	sw
"Very Soon Probably going to do the (((((stupid thing))))) very soon. This weekend I'm going to have access to a handle of vodka. Now, even if I manage to drink the entire handle, the alcohol poisoning isn't guaranteed to kill me. So, I might slit my wrists the long way, but that's not really a guaranteed thing either. So, if I'm still conscious, I'll have to go find a secluded cliff or something to jump off of so no one has to clean up my body. God, I just hate myself. So. Much. My anti-social tendencies, low self-esteem, my attraction to a type of person that literally doesn't fucking exist, literally fucking everything. I used to be something. Had decent grades, was decent at swimming, people told me I could go to any school in the country if I wanted to. My mom would just parade me around to her friends because I was so ""smart"". ""Oh, my 2nd grader knows how to spell sarcophagus, he's so smart! xddddddd"" I'm not strong enough to change. I'm a weak-willed, weak-bodied piece of shit who will literally never amount to anything. I probably don't even have the spine to kill myself either, and I'm just making this empty threat to internet strangers as a subconscious scream for help. Maybe I'm just venting my thoughts for once just because I might not have a lot of time to start speaking up (this isn't really speaking up but whatever). I just wish I could never have existed, never have had an impact on people's lives, never have been a financial burden on my family, and never worried anyone with my suicidal tendencies. I don't want help, I want to not exist. i want to fucking scream. Just realized that this is going to get deleted because I explained how I'd do it, but whatever. I don't ever say anything anyways, so it'll just be like usual where nothing I say matters. Go ahead and delete this mods, please"	sw
"It's Easter weekend, what's your plans if you are not religious or don't celebrate it in your religion? Fortunate enough to have a long weekend off (sat through tues). my plan is to edit some podcasts, catch up on youtube, go t some IPA for later in the evenings and maybe do some fundraising for my charity hike end of the month :) its rainy outside in the UK so its kind of nice to just be stuck at home with nothing huge hanging over. all i can do is hope my post comes today because here in the uk post wont be delivered friday or monday (bank holiday) but is on saturday....."	cc
"I feel like a sponge for bad stories, anyone felt the same? I just realized that a lot of time my conversation with my friends end up talking about what's wrong with their life and bad situation that append to them (cheating bf/gf, shirty work, suicide, what's wrong, etc). Actually I don't feel like it's a problem listening to them, but it's the ""always end up talking about it"" that is spoiling my life (I'm a very emphatic guy, so I feel like their problem is a bit mine). It's just me overthinking about it or I just realized I'm the shoulder to lean on?"	cc
"Nervous about tomorrow's doctors apppointment Hey, I just need someone to kind of talk about this as over the past two years I lost all friends and my family is... complicated to say the least. That way I don't really have anyone to talk to and thought to just write here.   2 years ago I started getting small symptoms over several weeks, until all of a sudden it went downhill very fast. I lost 15 kg of weight in 6 weeks, 20kg in total and cramps, nausea, stomach ache and a *huge* list of other symptoms render me barely functional in everyday life ever since.   The doctors I visited either diagnosed wrong(merely diagnosed symptoms, trying to easen them with medicine but it didn't improve) or gave up.   I haven't seen any doctor since august as my mother and her boyfriend wouldn't allow me to.  3 weeks ago I finally was granted to see one, he remembered me just from the email I had written to him, asking if he would be alright with such a difficult case back in december!  He was very nice and he listened to the whole story, even asked questions inbetween and looked at my messed up skin and such.  He told me that nothing is a coincedence, for the first time I actually felt like someone took me seriously...  Last week they took blood and did an ultrasound, I accidentally left him my mothers phone number, so she got his voice message.  She told me that he said everything looks okay, but that he wants me to come.  I am kind of nervous that absolutely nothing showed in the results again... and that he just wants me to come to tell me that.   The past few days were pretty bad... very bad... the stabbing pain in my left ribs got terrible and wouldnt stop, along with nausea and a stomach that felt lile exploding any second.. despite only eating a bite or three.   One of my first symptoms was that stabbing pain, back when it started, they found I had potassium deficiency, as soon as I took the supplements, the pain disappeared.  So I tried to eat as much banana as I can... and the pain started to fade, I feel better now, the pain is almost gone and my stomach is rumbling again, but the thing is that I could eat even less durong those days of pain and nausea.. now I feel terribly weak... the good thing is that I started taking a tiny dose of magnesium again and it makes me able to sleep, rest my exhausted body. But my muscles feel like mush. If they dont hurt in that weird way, they feel like I had just ran across half the globe and they just want to collapse.  The doctor is half an hour away and I dont eat at least two hours before driving as I get nauseaus during driving since this all started. I just hope my body will make it without having to take a break on the floor, haha. I mean, I didn't faint once since this all, so I am confident my body will rock this... but part of me is still a little concerned.    Ouf... this is longer than I wanted it to be, sorry! I hope it isn't too tiring to read haha         "	cc
"I'm not built to be around people. I need to either shut myself off and live as a hermit or die. I'm 20, I have autism and I'm extremely socially inept. I make people very uncomfortable when I'm around them. I cannot hold a conversation and I have no idea how to formulate my thoughts into words when I'm forced to talk to people. I'm not made to make friends or be social. If a higher power made me, they forgot to add a personality. I read this book about a man who decided to seclude himself in the wilderness of Maine and live in complete isolation for 30 years, only saying one word (""Hi"") the entire time. If I were able to replicate that somehow, I feel like I would be happier and the general population would be better off without my presence, even if I were to just live off grid in a mobile home or something along those lines. I'm destined to be the weird hermit that everyone's scared of. And if I can't do that, then I'm comfortable with leaving the planet and doing a solid for the population. My presence in society has no purpose other than to make others afraid. I cannot live with myself if that's what I'm here for."	sw
I got tired of people abandoning me ..so I abandoned them all.	sw
I need a reason to live Anything. Why do you want to live? I need something	sw
"Failing out of college in my last semester I was supposed to graduate last semester. I failed a bunch of classes because I didn't do any work. I am now on academic probation and 1 month away from ""graduation"". I probably won't be graduating though because I am very behind in my classes, haven't attended any labs and haven't even been put in a group for a project that was started 2 months ago.   I'm going to kill myself in 1 month, to the day. The day before I should've graduated. There's really nothing anyone can say or do to stop me. The only way I'm not killing myself is if I manage to pass my classes with a C average: highly highly unlikely. I've disappointed and let down my parents 1 too many times. I have given my parents ~$100k in debt up to this point. I hate myself"	sw
Please have a read of my profile It may make u feel better or you haven't got it as bad anyone is also welcome to message me no matter their problem	sw
"I’m considering suicide I know this isn’t the place for stuff like this and I’m sorry. I don’t have anyone else to go to and I know it’s all cheesy and i know I’m gonna be blamed for wanting attention. Sometimes it’s just best to rely on a stranger. I’m tired of living and I’m tired of putting up with the struggles of life and even though I’m just 15 years old I know what this means. I’ve lost my faith, I don’t have anyone, I feel like shit constantly and I’m tired of everything and everyone. I want to be done with it all.. I’m not asking for help I’m not asking for sympathy I just want this to be my open letter. "	sw
"I finally got a job in my dream field. I've been working retail for my entire working career. Busting my butt for every company, moving up to manager anytime I could, working as hard as I can for my kids. On Monday I got a job in the field I went to school for and am insanely passionate about. It pays more than that retail nonsense and I just wanted to share how darn happy I am with some people. Keep trying to get where you want to. It happens. "	cc
"Just found out someone broke into my car last week but only took my swedish fish Our leasing office called me today to say they have my wallet, which is confusing because I had my wallet next to me in my purse. Last Wednesday night, somebody went through a bunch of unlocked cars in our lot and took stuff. The thief ran off when someone saw him and he threw a bunch of the stuff he was carrying (including the wallet that was in my dash). Thankfully it was just an old wallet I had stopped using full of useless business cards.   After work Wednesday I had bought a huge bag of Swedish fish. I was confused when I left for class Thursday morning because my Swedish fish were gone out of the front seat. I thought that I must’ve misplaced them somehow or maybe my boyfriend took them as a joke. Apparently the thief was hungry enough to steal an opened bag of Swedish fish! "	cc
"If I write a will to give all of my money to someone, and then kill myself, will the money still go to them? Don't worry, IF I kill myself it will only be decades down the line from now. I just want to know if the money will still go to them even if I kill myself, or if for some reason it can't because of suicide."	sw
Just want to be a geek about film for a moment. Nothing elaborate just want to see peoples tastes in film. :)  So pick one of two directors/writers which one you like better of the pairing. And than rank their movies that you've seen from least favorite to most favorite from the director you chose. You can pick only the ones you know if you don't know some of them.  * Quentin Tarantino or Tim Burton?  * Kevin Smith or Zack Snyder?  * Nancy Meyers or Kathryn Bigelow?  * Wes Craven or John Carpenter?  * James Wan or David Cronenberg?  * Sam Raimi or Guillermo Del Toro?  * Michael Bay or Rolland Emmerich?  * Steven Spielberg or Wes Anderson?  * Judd Apatow or Adam Mckay?  * Edgar Wright or John Hughes?  * Hayao Miyazaki or John Lasseter?  * Brad Bird or Andrew Stanton?	cc
"İ am losing my mind... İ dont know how i can endure this bullshit ...   İam 21 and suffered almost every stage of my life , things are not going on my way , worst thing is everyone hates me even my family too . They think iam a failure. İam an university student but my grades like an  rotten apple on the tree... i have no motivation or energy. And dont have a girlfriend still virgin . Why i should keep up for nothing ?,  for more suffer ? or more failure ? İ just want peace , love and some money... İ know there is still some hope but i tired keep fighting it is pointless , i hate it i just want some victory . İ am looking for a gun but it is hard to access on my country . İ just dont want hurt anymore... it is enough.  İf people interested in motivational videos please watch  (Why we choose suicide Mark Henic) it relaxed me one bit . İ need your prays too"	sw
"I freaking love Aerosmiths Freedom Fighter from Music From Another Dimension. Its just so catchy. It's so addictive, with the right balance if good lyrics and badass instrumental. I LOVE Joe Perry on vocals, it's really cool. People say old bands are stuck to performing their old acts, but this just proves them wrong in my book. Something about this song, and really the whole album, is just really awesome to me."	cc
"I'm having a bad day and would love to chat a little! A lot of shitty stuff came together today and I'm feeling exhausted and down, so I would very much appreciate it if anyone were in the mood to chat! What are you doing today, what things are going well for you, what are you grateful for right now? :)"	cc
"Does anyone else hate April Fool's Day? With April 1st coming up I'm really not looking forward to it. I personally can't stand it, it's basically ""don't trust anything anyone does or says day"". I'd prefer not to have to watch out for people playing jokes or pranks on me around every corner. Now it's weird, because I'm not opposed to being pranked in general(as long as it's not the idiotic, harmful ""internet style"" of pranks of course), but having a day that's pretty much dedicated to pranking takes away the point of it. Pranks are supposed to be unexpected and take people off guard, they lose effect if the person is on their guard all day expecting to be pranked, which is generally the case on April Fool's Day. How does everyone else feel about it? I can't be alone in this, can I?"	cc
"As a high school student, am I missing out on anything by not partying? In all seriousness, I am a sophomore male and I have had straight A’s and been a “model” student for a while. I recently became friends with an upperclassman girl who said I was boring and was missing out on fun by not partying/drinking. Am I really missing out? I have all the resources available to party, I would be able to get to them, I just don’t know if it is worth it. What do you guys think? (based off of personal experience, etc.)  Edit : This is very important. EVERY SINGLE GUY ON MY MOM’S SIDE OF THE FAMILY WAS AN ALCOHOLIC. Having already gotten addicted to biting my nails once this terrifies the shit out of me."	cc
"I've stop caring... You know how you think of how your parents would be like or how your friends and loved ones would act if you actually went and end it, to stop yourself from committing suicide? Well... That no longer has an effect on me... Not even with how my girlfriend would act... I just want to leave this miserable world... The only thing holding me back now is my fear of surviving the attempt and the consequences that'll come after that..."	sw
I’m not suicidal but I could still use some advice. How do I stop feeling like a useless lazy fucking prick that my mom basically hates having around? 	sw
"I'm seeing a movie by myself for the first time in my life. I'm already loving it! I have really bad social anxiety and it stops me from doing things solo a lot. This past week has been really awful for me so I finally said, ""Screw it, I'm doing something for me today.""  I am seeing Ready Player One and am the only one in the movie theater. This may become my new thing. :)  Edit: Oh my gosh this blew up unexpectedly! Ready Player One was absolutely awesome and such a nostalgia trip! Eileen said that aside from Deadpool and Star Wars, this has been one of her favorite movies as of late. I want to be like her when I grow up.  Thank you for your kind words and encouragement everyone! It was awesome doing a solo movie experience and I am searching for my next adventure!  Second edit: Okay so my scatterbrained self forgot to say to the newcomers to the thread that Eileen is mentioned in the first response to the first comment. She is a wonderful sweet woman who saw RP1 when her husband wouldn't see it with her. She and I sat close to each other and it really helped me come out of my shell more and not be so anxious about being alone. We need more Eileens on the world."	cc
"Hey guys, can you describe yourself and your more quirky characteristics/ideals? Probably sounds goofy, but I'm having a bit of writer's block regarding making some characters for a D&D campaign I'm writing. I tend to find I always do better if I have a jumping off point, no matter how simple, so I'd like to ask for you guy's help by just giving a rough outline of who you are!  Doesn't even necessarily have to be true, and can just be the kind of person you aim to be even! Or you can just say you're Bob who works an office job and probably drinks too much coffee, even something simple will probably help :D"	cc
"Doing something very stupid very well... The company I'm currently working for (though not for much longer) is...not run well. It's been an overwhelmingly frustrating experience but the silver lining is that I feel like I've ascended to a whole new level of competency by having to execute often harebrained ideas while maintaining my own personal standard of craftsmanship. I'm frequently asked to do things without the right tools, not enough time, and straight up inaccurate information. Often I'm given two person jobs to do alone that I think I'm only capable of because I *literally have acrobatic training*.  Normally, I'm happiest doing challenging work but here I feel everything I'm doing, which is just to make up for others' inadequacy and shouldn't be challenging in the first place, is completely taken for granted. BUT I have discovered this newfound sense of grudging, possibly spiteful, satisfaction in making shit happen that was otherwise destined for failure. It's not ideal but better than nothing, I guess.  Anyone else managing to find personal fulfillment while at shitty jobs?"	cc
"don't see a way out from beneath my credit card debt I've buried myself under a mountain of $40,000 in credit card debt. It's no one's fault but mine. I did it to myself with my own bad decisions. And I don't see a way out. I feel totally hopeless. I can't enjoy life anymore. I work several jobs and the hole keeps getting deeper with most of my sizeable monthly payments going to interest. I'm constantly exhausted with nothing but a bigger pile of debt to show for it. I feel like I deserve to be culled from the herd. "	sw
"I'm worried that my girlfriend is going to kill herself. Were both 16, been going out about 4 months. She was in my house last week when I noticed scars on her upper arm, I played it off but called her that night to talk about it.  What I gathered is her mother has depression and she sometimes has these freak attacks, from what I know she doesn't hurt her but she does scare her and i hate that, she also has 2 younger brothers and a step dad living in the house. The scars looked old so I wasn't too worried.   Yesterday she hadn't text me from 4pm to 9pm so I knew something was up, I finally got it out of her, her mother had one of these freak attacks and she went into her bedroom and tried to OD. Her mother came in in hysterics saying she's gonna call the police and all that.  I spent the whole night crying but she assured me she wasn't in the right mindset and that she won't do it again, I also asked out of interest when the last time she cut was and she said last week but it was the first time in a year.  I love her with everything I have in me and I'm just afraid that one day I will get a call telling me she passed.  Also to note her real dad killed himself when she was 18 months, and she's going to Counselling for that."	sw
"Peaceful way out, or unhappy life It's been years since I was normal or happy.  My goals were what kept me hopeful enough to keep my depression infrequent enough, but I only seem to have wasted time.  I moved due to health reasons, so all my friends are distant. And, I'm not gonna be a college grad any sooner than years.  Medications don't prevent me from getting mad at people in my head, and I'm living in a shelter. The only jobs I can get are low pay, and I don't have the luxury of believing in God.  I can't move back to my friends, because I'm living on disability support for mental illness. It only applies if I live here. I don't work well. Not for long.  Approaching or online dating doesn't work for me, either. So, I'm sorta stuck in this lonely poorness, where my head won't leave me alone.  Nothing quite brings me joy or take my mind off, either. I researched a painless and surefire suicide method, but live on in case I become rich through one my business plans. Then, I could start moving back, benefit the world, and improve my overall time spent."	sw
"What’s your favourite animal? Stepping away from the conventional dogs, cats and rabbits and stuff, what’s your favourite animal, which cannot be classified as a pet?  Mine is a wolf. Just something about the nature of the wolf, plus the whole “Lone Wolf” thingy. It makes it feel so much awesome "	cc
"Reaching my expiration date I guess this is going to be yet another one of those quasi suicide notes. I am quite honestly done with this life. I am a terribly ugly 22 years old man, feature including sunken eyes, a face of a 16 year old, small skull, short, and virtually no chin. You can call me shallow all you want, but at the end of the day I am a genetic dead end.   My looks aren't the only source of my woes. I pretty much have been disowned by my father. I have virtually no employment prospects after graduation from uni. There is no rock bottom; this is a bottomless pit. It is best for me to end this misery, once and for all. Oblivion can suck me in, and it wont be a tragedy. I have aspirations, but they are delusions and fantasies. Any attempt to fulfill them is a futile endeavor, especially with my ghoulish appearance. It's been nice talking to all of you. Enjoy your time in this realm. My expiration date is nigh. Peace  "	sw
"I slept after days and dreamt of waking up next to the girl of my dreams. I don't wanna sleep anymore.  I don't want my brain constantly reminding me how fucking miserable my life is all the time.  I puked as soon as I woke up because that's how disgusting I felt.  I haven't eaten anything since I woke up (12 hours since I'm writing this). For days now, I've just survived on red bull and cigarettes.  I can't live like this.  I have my finals soon.  I can't live like this.  Why do I have a noose in my room for a few weeks now ready to go and I still haven't used it?"	sw
"Too many The sixth suicide just happened at my high school this year. There were another three that happened in December. Nobody is glorifying it, nobody even knows unless they ask around or go to the funerals. It’s starting to sound like the norm, another hanging, an OD. hell, one kid floored it into the back of a school bus. I knew most of them, seen them around. It’s very different hearing of a death, then seeing the empty seat right next to you. I’ve made two attempts on my life, and I remember feeling so alone and empty inside. I still do sometimes. Every time I hear what these kids are going through, and how alone they feel, all I can think is “we were here ready to listen” unfortunately it’s not that simple. We all know how severely alienating this disease is. We all know how ugly it is. And there’s no end in sight. I don’t know what to do other than keep living. Every time one of my friends ends it, it strengthens my resolve to keep going. To survive for them, and everyone else who is struggling to prove that this monster can be killed, if not at least tamed. At first I’m angry at them, then at their circumstances. Suicide has already taken so much away from me, and I refuse to give it the satisfaction of giving up. The grim reaper will have one hell of a time getting to me, you can be sure of that. "	sw
"I just need people to talk to... Hi, I'm very heart broken. It may not seem serious, and I'm honestly confused myself.   My boyfriend broke up with me 2 days ago. He said our Long Distance Relationship wasn't going to work out. We've been together for 8 short months, but it was honestly the best 8 months of my life. He made me ridiculously happy.   I have never been depressed in my life, I've had my own problems, mostly financial, been homeless for years. But never truly depressed.   But this, this break up took a toll on me. I haven't eaten yet, nor have I stopped crying. I tried so hard to forget and move on. But I just couldn't.   I was saving up to go visit him in a few months, but I was keeping it from him as a secret; which I now regret. I told him, but he told me to stop day dreaming, as it was never going to happen.   I'm still going to save up and meet him, im hoping that that'll help our relationship. We truly loved each other, but due to certain circumstances, my and his schedule did not match for about a week and a half, we were not able to be with each other that often. But our schedules are fixed now, but his feelings for me aren't there anymore.   I am truly, for once in my life, devastatingly depressed. I feel sad, but feel nothing at all at the same time. I'm distracting myself with people to talk to, but not everyone can talk to me all the time.   Living is harder, knowing that he's out there not having a hard time, enjoying his time alone. I'm afraid of myself."	sw
"DAE feel a sense of relief? The first few times I attempted, I felt dread. Not knowing where I would end up if there is a place to end up. This time I don't feel that. I feel ready to go. No matter where I end up, it can't be much worse than this Hell we are already living in. I will be writing my note after work today. "	sw
Still haven't heard about the outcome of the paper...I decided May 15th is the day. Time to get everything in order before then. I want to make it easy on whoever will clean out my living space and work desk. 	sw
"Got a new tattoo!!! Just got a new tattoo tonight! Now I'm home after a long day, drinking, smoking weed watching anime, what are yall up to tonight? Anything fun? [Tattoo if you're curious](https://i.imgur.com/Fa6zBzc.jpg)"	cc
"Friends Up At Odd Hours In my country it's 3:18am  I need people who are probably up at this kind of hours. Internationally or what not.   Topics: university life, culture, vent outs, any issue at all  Let's"	cc
"My coworkers just bought me Enchroma Colorblind glasses to help me see This is pretty crazy. Last week, my manager said we had an employee meeting, for today at 3:00. I got there a bit late because I forgot about it, and I went inside. They had me work for a bit, then the general manager led me outside saying “look at these new sun glasses I bought. Try them on outside.   I put them on as I got outside, and they all surprised me with balloons, crayons (lol), and they all pitched in to buy these glasses (which cost several hundred dollars).   I appreciate them. That was one of the nicest things anyone’s ever done for me. I feel weird accepting things, but I’m not letting that bother me.   I just feel different. I love them all. I didn’t know what sub to post this to, and I wanted to write this out. Have a blessed day guys. "	cc
"Has anyone experienced staying in a hospital for suicidal feelings etc? I feel so much pressure to be someone I'm not, and I'm worried for my safety... I don't know what to do. I'm gonna try not to ramble too much and I'm sorry if this is messy.... I'm supposed to go to a job interview tomorrow and I'm so fucking stressed out, I absolutely hate interviews and I've been isolating myself from the world for a year now so I'm not used to talking to people like I used to.... I promised my boyfriend I would go but I honestly would rather die or just go to the hospital because I feel so unstable and inadequate to perform well in any work environment...  I'm only going to this interview because my boyfriend says I need structure in my life so that I'm not sleeping all day.... which I agree with, I do need a schedule and some responsibility but I've honestly been only thinking of suicide every single day all day and it's so hard to talk about myself and make someone want to hire me when the only thing I really think about on a regular basis is hanging myself.... I feel so much pressure to be this person that I'm not, I've been battling PTSD and I've seeing my therapist for a long time now, been trying meds and trying to take care of myself but I feel completely hopeless. I can't pull myself out of this shit hole. My boyfriend says he will leave me if I don't change my life but I don't know how the fuck I'm going to move forward. I already called the suicide hotline but I feel just  as bad as before..... I want to be well, I want to be a better girlfriend and to be what he wants me to be..... I wanna make him proud but I cannot handle the stress... has anybody experienced staying in a hospital for suicidal feelings that can tell me what that is like? I have no idea what else to do with myself right now I'm so tempted to take my life... it's 2am and I can't sleep at all.... I've made a few posts on here asking for help... and I've gotten helpful responses before... I just feel really desperate and I don't know what path to take.... "	sw
Too Pussy To Commit Suicide? title says it all	sw
"Who needs someone to talk to? Today I've been doing nothing but chilling, drinking some beers and chatting with the peeps in the discord server.   I'm not doing anything right now, and I thought, what about I spend some time talking with the guys at the subreddit? and that's what I'm gonna do! so if any of you guys need someone to talk to, hit me up! I'm up to talk about anything. "	cc
"just popped some unisom, got the cord around my neck love you mom, dad, my brother, my sister. and all my friends who tried to help me through this. cant do it anymore. im stuck and imprisoned here.   i hate suicide. i hate that this is an option, but nonetheless im too pained to keep going. i hope i find peace. and to anyone here considering suicide too, i hope you find peace too that hopefully isnt this option. find happiness in life if you can. i hope that you can  bye reddit. thank you for being a good place for me to pass the time/get some insight"	sw
"I don't want this life anymore I never was a person that talks about problems with others. I keep them to myself, i lie almost everytime to everyone. For everybody they think i'm Ok, but inside i am suffering. With this lie problem, I just got dropout college because of my grades, and my mom hates me because of that, she cries everytime when she talks to me, so I can't see her face anymore because i don't want to see her crying over me and my family disappointing. She thinks that I put my future on the trash. I'm poor and I manage to get a pretty good university on my country, but I get dropped out. I'm alone, the only time i feel OK, it is when i am at my PC, to avoid all the troubles, but i know i can't live a life in this way, so i'd rather die than face my reality. Sorry telling this, but I do not know what to do.  It's like the Biggie song, Suicidal Thoughts: ""I know my mother wish she got a fuckin' abortion She don't even love me like she did when I was younger"". So this is my thoughts right now"	sw
"I’m tired Girlfriend cheated on me after 4 years, I have no money left, the pressures at work are piling up and I don’t know where to turn. It feels like it’d be easier if it was just over, I can’t get any help because if the nature of my job. I keep coming so close to doing it only to chicken out. I just want a fast way out "	sw
"Can't handle life Fuck life and fuck anyone saying it gets better it doesn't. I wake up to go sleep if I jumped off a building no one would miss me I hate the world no one even cares, I haven't showered or shaved in months I haven't changed my clothes in weeks and I can't get out of bed I hate this"	sw
"how to get the guts to press My attempt (if you can even call them attempts) were never failed plans but always stopping eight before doing it even after planning everything.  I want to know from people who had failed attempts what was that last little push so you actually execute the lethal part of your plans.  I wish I was strong enough to do it, guess I cant even rely on myself to do anything basic like that, living up to my history of failures and uncommitment  My nights can't always end with me crying myself to sleep, it must end someday, wtf is wrong with me for not being able to do it"	sw
"I'm so lonely I could die So much. Trauma, ptsd, 5 active attempts, four hospitalization, lonely, 43, the only reason I'm alive is by of my kids.  But I'm not sure they wouldn't be better without me. I'm a failure. So tired of fighting. Tonight would be a good night to die. "	sw
"If you were to put together a 90s/early 2000s playlist, what songs would be on it? I have a couple playlists on Spotify that I am putting together and need more songs to add. What were your favorite songs in this time frame? I’m open to all sorts of music. Any classics that I could be forgetting?"	cc
"The world is hopeless There's a time and place for politics and it's not on here so I won't get too deep into that but it seems to me like the whole world is pretty much fucked. Life for the vast majority of people is just going to keep getting worse in this country for at least our entire lifetimes, if not longer. There are people who recognize that things are bad of course but nothing is ever going to change. Am I wrong about that, and if I'm right, why not quit while I'm ahead?"	sw
"Want to commit suicide asap I'm gonna be 27 in a 2 weeks. As there is a long list of famous people who died at that age, club 27 I may start my own club, club 26. I have absolutely nothing left, my tank feels empty. Wasted many years due to addiction, I feel there are so many experiences/opportunities  in life I missed. I've always felt like an outsider, someone looking at life through a glass pane, an observer watching from the sidelines but not knowing how to participate. I've wrote so many depressing posts on reddit, I sometimes find short bursts of hope but I always end up here. I just don't want to live a life of torment til 80. Tbh I always say I'm gonna end it but I always chicken out. Guess writing here is some sort of catharsis."	sw
"What thing have you done recently that you're proud of? I'd like to share your success with you! I think a lot of people don't have anyone to share their successes with and it can be kind of a downer when you can't share something that makes you proud! It's probably not much, but I'd like to celebrate with you!   :) So what have you done lately that you've wanted to tell someone about? "	cc
"I think its time I'd just like to say goodbye, as there really isn't anyone else to say goodbye to. I hope you all find peace.   bye"	sw
"Has anyone ever made a complaint about their psychiatric care? The last place I went to ""Get Help"" was at the VA. The largest health care provider in the US mind you and was not really surprised at the usual crap level of service I got there like most other places, for my mental health issues. I actually tried to make a complaint but that got me nowhere fast. I asked to see a supervisor at the VA and they were basically like, ""no ones coming"".....   Complaints from psychiatric patients are usually blown of since they are seen basically as crazy people by the majority of society regardless of what others may claim. Psychiatric patients are often seen as unstable or unpredictable therefore their claims are typically not considered or held with as much merit.  Any thoughts on this would be greatly appreciated since this is basically my life for a couple of decades.  More reading:  http://www.wfla.com/8-on-your-side/investigations/target-8-veterans-protest-claim-v-a-frustration-leads-to-suicides_20180227115634953/995164100  https://www.psychologytoday.com/us/blog/science-isnt-golden/201211/apa-refuses-listen-voices-people-hurt  https://www.psychologytoday.com/us/blog/so-sue-me/201506/when-sue-your-psychiatrist-malpractice"	sw
"My younger brother wants to take his life. He’s already attempted to do it twice. I don’t know what to do, or how to help him. He tried to kill himself yesterday and called me just before he was going to do it. In the end I sent me his address I went to pick him up. I’m losing it even though I’m suppose to be his rock. I’m falling apart, and it hurts. "	sw
"would 5g of seralin (zoloft) kill you? asking for a friend. also, yeah i know about serotonin syndrome. i know its not fun. at this point i dont really care anymore."	sw
"Does it feel good to have a cold for anyone else? That feeling when your muscles are tingly from reduced energy and atrophy and suddenly that blanket feels super comfy to toss and turn in. ""Your text post (optional)""   Says the text prompt but like every other subreddit these days automods can't let anything happen. So here's my filler so automods don't panic.   Once upon a midnight dreary while I ponder weak and weary, over came a quaint curious volume of forgotten lore.   There, hopefully that's enough. "	cc
Anyone interested in teaming up to help people? Noticed some others on here trying to support those in need. I do what I can to help but I'm thinking teaming up and being more organized would expand our reach. If anyone is interested in trying to put something together let me know. 	sw
"18 male struggling with mental health issues. I would like someone to talk to. Hi, I think this is the place to post this. If it isn’t I am sorry "	sw
"Possible suicide of my brother Happened like 25 mins ago, Idk how to x-post so just check my recent posts on r/depression. Not sure if I should do something, feels like I should but my whole body tells me to let him die for what he's done. I'm unsure"	sw
"Resurrection from rape isn't worth it. I knw my dad was one of them. My childhood home was overflowing with abuse and I know I'm just screwed up now. Other people take loving families and -not being raped- for granted and carry on doing things in life because they don't feel like they're made of vomit inside and out. They have hobbies, friends, goals and a soul. They go to good universities and have relationships and have fun with people (despite the ups and downs they experience too.) It changes you forever and can never be cured. What is the point of fighting for the bare minimum for the. rest. of. your. life."	sw
What do you do when you’ve been feeling sad for a while? I’ve been really down for a few days and I know what the situation is (I don’t want to talk about it here). I’ve done a lot of the things that used to make me feel better but they’re not working as well as they used to. So I was wondering what others do to feel better	cc
"Extreme suicidal thoughts I don’t want to go into the details of what has been giving me these thoughts (to the extreme) because it gives me anxiety and I can’t even play some games and be around some people because it reminds me of the person who caused this so if I’m being honest this is really affecting me.  So I guess I’ll say this, my name is Morgan I’m a 13 year old girl and I started self harming.  I don’t want people to say “you’re to young to know what depression is!” Or something like that because I’ve been going through it for YEARS  I am FULLY aware that self harm isn’t “good” but that doesn’t mean just because you say stop it means I’m going to magically stop  Ya I’m 13 but that doesn’t mean I should get judged for my problem! I’m saying all this because many many people seem to not understand how mental health works  But off to the topic I suppose. I started to self harm last month or maybe 2 by now? I can’t remember but not that long ago. It started out with just scratching my arm without stopping into cutting. I started to scratch myself with a way to help with my emotions (at the time I wasn’t actually as depressed as now I was with the said person who caused said problem and they made me happy, foolish thinking back on it.) then after said person decided he wanted me to hate him he did a lot that mentally just destroyed me. I wasn’t myself at all. I started to want to kill my self and I started to cut myself with scissors. Even just thinking about this all is already giving me anxiety, but if i also got into a relationship with someone who I’m not saying ANYTHING about but he is the only reason I try to not cut myself a lot.   Even today I had a breakdown in school and I’ve had way to many over the past weeks that I know I’m definitely not ok."	sw
"I dont know what to title this I already filed a complaint with the state:  I moved and the new team im trying to establish for mental healthcare here kicked me out, saying they didnt have time to look at my mental health record and pushed medications that resulted in previous suicide hospitalizations. They also told me medicine is a placebo, and that i looked fine.  I have severe DID and CPTSD i begged them to please talk to the team from my previous state but they kept saying they didnt want to waste their time.  When i refused the meds that resulted in hospitalization, they said i didnt believe enough and that i was unwilling to try.  The supervisor asked me if i wanted a list of psychiatrists, and when i said yes, said they didnt have one like that.    Im afraid of falling deeper into a dangerous psychosis wihout my meds, but 3 months trying to be safe and healthy by seeking help is useless.  I tried calling around but no one who takes my insurance has openings.  I dont know why im trying anymore. I dont have family or friends, and hospitalization means i lose my animal, the only support system i have.  I cant lose a being who loves me, not right now.  With my DID, hospitalization and losing my pet means the moment i leave, i would be where i was before entering.  Hopeless and wondering why im even trying.  Its so useless.  The prescriber told me i just didnt believe enough.  I lodged a complaint in the hopes of saving someone else, but im just too exhausted to do anything for nyself anymore.  I havent slept in 2 weeks, and am just sitting here alone in my parked car getting drunk hoping to sleep.  I have a decision to make. Im almost at the age i always knew i would die before, and it seems my prophecy is coming true.  Any choice i make, hospitalization or not, is equally as terrible.  There are no options.  Without my medications, ill slip further into this psychosis, and there is no way out but to move on and see what the next stage after this is. Ill give it a try like they wanted. I have everything i need.   I apologize if this is rambling. I havent slept in 2 weeks and am quite drunk trying to just sleep.  Otc and antihistimines isnt working.  I just cant sleep and am just looping endlessly in my head, all roads leading to a rest i can truly invest in with the hope the next stage, if it exists, is one worth living.  Idk where this night of drunkeness will take me.  I have all the means, now i have to stop saying one more day.  There are no more days, just one long night before the dawn.  Thank you for caring enough to read, and im sorry this isnt something i can avoid.  Please take mental healthcare seriously.   if you have people who love you, please please appreciate them and let them know.  A text once stupidly saved me from doing it, but it may not be stupid to the next one who needs that text. Dont be afraid to love and show love. Sometimes its all one needs.    Have a blessed life."	sw
"Adults with issues, how do u deal with it? Because I can not take on the world and my internal struggles at the same time. My internal struggles just wreak havoc to everything else in my life.   I know people here deal with all sorts of things and with age you get good at hiding. But you have to deal with it alone and you have to keep moving on. I know people say there are others that help you, your parents, your friends, you guys. What I have understood is others - they may be supportive and try to help you in many ways, but eventually it boils down to you and you alone..May be this is what 'adulting' is like. And I don't think I know how to 'adult' with everything thats inside. Does it go away, does it fade, do things normalize... How do I adult with everything that's within?"	sw
"A social trend I've noticed, really like and wanted to share. Hello CC!  I'll try to make this a quick and easy read without too much filler.  It all started when I was eight... jk  I first noticed it last year around august when I worked a private security gig for a friends wedding. All of the people there were the high end, upper-crust types. I remember the bride and groom and most of their friends were performers in that circus show in Las Vegas whose name I always forget, their parents were land developers all over the US, and the guests were all very well off.  Me being of a more modest lifestyle (broke-ass mofo) I felt pretty out of place with the crowd and for a while I feet I was the only non-white person there. I was convinced that I was sticking out like a sore thumb. Nobody there knew me, it was actually my first time meeting any of the people there other than my friend. I felt like I made everyone uncomfortable by being present all the time. I stood at the table of honor with my friend and even wound up in some of the family pictures.  Right, I was going for brevity.  Anyway the entire wedding goes off with only a few hitches and as we are saying our good-byes to the happy couple they thank me for helping out and then they invite me to their family-only party, IN PERFECT SPANISH!  I know I probably shouldn't be as shocked by that as I was but I still found it crazy cool that they spoke spanish. I don't mean the blocky and awkward spanish from high school that you forgot immediately after graduating. These kids were speaking it as if they had just moved in from Guadalajara. They had a small accent but other than that they spoke like a native.  I complimented them on their spanish and they said that they had picked it up from their nannies who would speak to them almost exclusively in spanish growing up.  I went to the party and wound up having a great time, we would throw little jabs back and forth and I found that they didn't just speak the language, they had the mannerisms and nuances of mexican culture down too.Most of the staff was mexican and they all got along really well. Typically when I meet staff of wealthy home owners staff rarely like the people they work for but this was not the case here.  Since I've gotten to know more of my friends friends I have noticed the same thing with their kids who either speak spanish or some other language that they pick up from their nannies\house keepers\gardeners. I also notice that people who have formed these connections with their ethnic employees tend to be much more respectful towards ethnic people or people of different tax brackets.  So what is the point of this super brief and concise post?  I feel that even with all the crap that we see in the news and online, despite the general feel of having to fear everyone out there who is remotely different and regardless of those who go out of their way to spread hatred and bigotry; society as a whole is moving towards a more progressive, accepting and open future and I really hope I live long enough to see it. "	cc
"I need help I guess My brother died by suicide a little over a year ago. He was my best friend and I've been fucked up ever since. I had suicidal thoughts before but now I've tried 3 times since. I don't know what to do. My husband is sick of dealing with it. I've been going to a therapist once a week for a while now, he has control of my meds and I'm being good. He's still pissed. I don't know what else to do. I'm trying. What else can I do to make him see I am trying to be normal? I'm not currently suicidal, but if I had to say I think that's probably how I'll go eventually. "	sw
"Suicide seems like the only answer 36F ... Tried last fall with pills, spent a few weeks in psychiatric care. My life fell apart about two years ago and I am in the darkest place I have ever been. Only the thought of what it would do to my family keeps me from trying again. But every minute of every day I fell myself I am going to do it. It feels like my soul is in the pitch darkness.   "	sw
"I just enrolled in an expensive Masters program I have no business being in Just the title. I paid a $1500 non refundable enrollment fee, when the fact of the matter is I have no experience in this field, couldn’t even really describe it clearly, and graduated 2 years ago and haven’t done any work related to my degree since. I’ll have to learn from scratch 3 different difficult subjects just to prepare before I start in September. While working and trying to handle moving to a new country. I haven’t been able to study or work on anything related since I graduated because I developed extreme anxiety over the field during my undergrad. Kill me please :|  Edit: oh yea and I can’t afford it "	cc
"What makes your heart do a thousand flips? You know the feeling of when your heart just starts spinning uncontrollably? Like whatever your doing makes you overwhelmingly happy. What makes you feel that way?  For me, it’s when I take this this kind of friend of mine. I want to become better friends with him, and every time he sees me in the hallway, he’ll come up behind me and try to scare me. Then we’ll just start talking until we get to where ever we’re going, and talking to him just makes me so happy. He’s so talkative for the most part, and always try’s to make an effort when I have nothing to say but still want to talk. I see him after my sixth period sometimes, and leaving that class, I always feel so anxious because of h people in it. But seeing him afterwards just boots my happiness and just makes my heart spin.   So what makes your heart do a thousand flips? Is it a hobby, a person, your pet even? "	cc
"Sup guys? I drank some alcohol. How are you doing? I just drank 640ml of 20% alcohol and I feel good. I don't think alcohol is bad as long as you don't do it ""too much"". I mean I feel good right now and I am still sane. I am still reasonable.  I think when you are drunk, you are in a different reality. And what we think ""reality"" is questionable because we don't really know what ""reality"" actually is.  What are you thoughts? How are you guys doing?"	cc
I keep getting screamed at This week I got screamed at for a solid hour. Today I went to look for my knife in the house to cut. My mom noticed so she asked what I was looking for. I lied and told her my iPhone charger. Then I got screamed at for another 30 minutes for losing the iPhone charger. Ffs.	sw
"Where do journals get their court records? I've been trying to find some in the Elgin, IL court. I'm a little curious, or very curious, sometimes, about how things actually happen. I was reading an article a few hours ago and I saw that they cited court documents (""according to court documents...""). I myself have translated a lot of court documents, so I know what they look like and how to read their euphemisms and weird vocabulary, but I just noticed that I don't have any idea how to find them while journalists do all the time.  Would I have to go to the court? Maybe that's one of the possibilities. But maybe there are also ways to get a copy of the cases (or certain cases) online.  It would be pretty interesting, actually, since there are many cases that have some really curious details for curious people like me."	cc
"Everytime I get the urge to, i get closer to actually trying it I feel like i shouldnt be alive. Im weak. Im dependent on people who cant help me. Not exceptional at anything. At this point i feel like i just want someone to kill me or convince me to do it myself. "	sw
"Finally a relaxing weekend I’m looking forward to. This is the first year I’ve had Good Friday off for school, so I get to have my relaxing weekend finally. I’m working on getting my motivation for getting fit back up and my flailing grades have encouraged me to step back up to the plate with school. This weekend I’m just gonna relax, go to the beach, then hang out with some friends on Saturday to play some PlayStation. How’s every one else’s week so far; any plans for the weekend?"	cc
Can someone.. anyone talk to me please Can anyone talk to me? Do you have an ig or something.. or talk here.. i just wanna talk and tell someone about the pain. It’s pointless to keep trying I think.   I’ve tried for far too long and that last flicker of energy I’ve always counted on is about to go. I guess they’ve won  If u care to talk my instagram is @thatsright7x	sw
"Philadelphia I moved here two years ago, and I'm an awkward person at first. I'm interested in the supernatural and occult, conspiracy theories, gardening, crystals, art and movies and love to go out.  But the problem is, I am enrolled in online classes, I work overnight, and so finding friends has been hard.  I guess I'm looking for some advice, maybe to chat to some people from Philadelphia, maybe a point in the right direction to some social spots."	cc
"Tell me about your day. I've had an extremely long and tiring one. I just want to listen to sad music, scroll through reddit & not be disturbed.   Is that asking for too much? Apparently. "	cc
"Holy shit the waiting time on the Suicide Prevention Hotline Posting this because I have nowhere else to rant. Every time I've gone to the online chat, it's always had a waiting line of 50+. I've actually sat in line for maybe an hour to an hour and a half before finally just closing the tab out of frustration.   I don't blame the volunteers, either: it's got to be an issue with funding. It seems so backwards to me that every time gun violence comes up they say ""It's not a gun problem, it's a mental health problem"" but yet they're willing to devote absolutely zero resources towards mental health resources. I figured if I did it, I'd do it with a shotgun, but now I'm tempted to swap to hanging just to avoid giving these gun lobbyist fucks any money.  EDIT: Holy shit, I finally get my turn to speak and get this: http://i.imgs.fyi/img/3018.png   It's just comedic at this point. Fuck I hate this country."	sw
A girl approached me at the gym yesterday to compliment my running. I'm a freshman at college and over the summer I started running everyday. At my college's gym they have an indoor track which I run on everyday because I find treadmill's boring. Yesterday I ended up running for 30 minutes straight because I've been feeling insecure about my weight recently. So when I sat down to rest a girl approached me to tell me that her friend was really impressed that I kept running while she was doing her workout and it was really inspiring. I thanked her and after I went downstairs to tell my friends because I don't think I've ever been complimented like that before in my life from a girl and I'm really shy around attractive girls that I don't know. I just want to share it because it really made my day. 	cc
"Noone loves me I'm 15, fat, and ugly. I've never kissed a girl and my longest relationship lasted 2 weeks. I've been told I give a pedophile vibe when I'm around people. I barely talk, I keep to myself, but when I do talk and somehow not seem like a social retard I'm nice. I hug my pillow at night and dream that it is someone who cares about me. I try to be optimistic and think that things will get better but I know deep down they won't. I work out to try to improve myself but my gym buddy always has work and I'm deathly afraid of going alone. I don't feel like my life has any meaning.  I dream of killing myself almost every day. Why shouldn't I go through with it?"	sw
"Drunk and emotional I'm drunk tonight. I feel melancholic as i listen to Do Re Mi, lost demo of a song by Kurt Cobain. I write sad love songs in my notebook, romanticizing my own death.  If I may And if I might Lie me down Weeping And if I say What it's like I might be Dreaming  Those years in his bonet A phrase from his pocket And chains of a knowing Life long dream  My melancholy, such a warm feeling."	sw
"I think that is a good suicide note don't you think so ? Ok well, let's see.... Let's explain myself a bit so you will feel good after I suicide. Imagine a table, the table is clean, nothing wrong with it it's super clean, now here is what is going on with me I see the table and I see it clean, but I have to stare at it for a minute or so, then I see it's not clean,I'm pretty sure it's a hallucination but here is the best part, If there is someone nearby to help me I will ask the person if the table is clean or not, the person answers: it's clean, and I say: are you sure?, the person answers: yes, now that helps slightly but now I gotta assume it's clean while it's not because I'm not seeing it's clean I can tell if it's real or not - the fact that it's not clean-, now I gotta do compulsive behaviors for hours to clean that table and eventually will end up free from obsessive thoughts, or realize it's still unclean and panic because all my energy is drained and I can't take it anymore, and when I panic, I gonna scream internally ""End it please whoever is there god or the simulation manager or whoever made this shit up that is not fing fair and I'm not a tool to prove or to test upon I had enough f the system"", I can't take it anymore I can't I just can't I don't care if you say i'm weak, pathetic and you have to fight it or whatever you don't understand you are just being either A)Ignorant about my suffering B)Selfish that you don't want me to rest in peace, so you don't have to get depressed about my death C)You are just following the stupid system, this is like my suicide note okay if you guys should feel anything about this is that I had enough I can't take it and if you reached to here that means, you care about what I'm saying I hope you understand, because I let you down many times and the final let down gonna end all of this, I don't know what to say anymore. sorry about grammatical or spelling problems I just feel down."	sw
"Anyone else feel like they're in an oven in Los Angeles? It's pretty bad here. In fact it's so bad that everyone and their mother is using the air conditioner in their house! And guess what happened then? A (brief) blackout, that's what!  What about you guys? You okay where you are, or is it just as bad if not worse?"	cc
"I think I'm a lazy person Used to work in a fast food place now I work in a retail for famous clothing brand.Thought I will love it,but I absolutely hate it.I also hated where I previously worked.Finished school last year and I imagined my life much different than this.How can I force myself to like the job and the people in it?"	cc
"I feel so differently this time. Thoughts? Hey ya'll,  Like so many of the people in this community, I'm not a stranger to embracing the idea of nonexistence. But every time I've felt like now was the right time to end my life, it's been a driven, passionate experience. A kind of push to escape the pain of what I was feeling.  Again, just like everybody else, during some of the darkest parts of my depression I found myself convinced that the pain was never going to stop. That the only way it would ever be any better was if I took matters into my own hands and stopped feeling anything at all. Suicide was the ultimate painkiller, something I carried in my bag next to the ibuprofen, something I could use to cure lifelong agonies rather than just headaches.   But these past few weeks have been a very different affair. I've come to feel that there is something that sets me apart from other people, namely that there is a lack of vibrancy, of color, of depth, in my life. I see a passion of experiences in other people that I haven't been able to feel for a very long time.   This realization has encouraged me to get my affairs in order, but I find myself at a crossroads. As I care so much more about handling things responsibly now, I've had the time to really examine how I want my life to be handled when I'm not around to life it.  As with any suicide, there comes a point when I have to make a choice I can't take back: quitting my job, leaving the keys to my apartment with the landlord, things that would put me on the street if I didn't follow through.   So in a much smaller way than pulling the trigger, all the pressure of following through with my choice rests on something much less significant than taking the final step over the edge, or kicking the chair out from under me. I'm struggling with feeling completely at ease with making those choices, though I'm not sure anyone ever really does.  So, like the title says, thoughts? "	sw
"I've made my plans, not today though. I've been planning my last day for a little over 2 months now. August 9th, I get paid that day so that makes my plans a little bit easier. I'm going to go to DC, watch a baseball game, eat barbecue for dinner, play chess with the hustlers at DuPont Circle, and then I will put a bullet in my head somewhere off of the highway late at night so even if I survive, I'll just bleed out before anyone can get to me. I'm pretty excited for it, truth be told.   It kind of really started when my kid's mom took him out of town on my birthday, so I didn't even get to see him, and honestly, he is the only reason I have been getting out of bed for the past 2 years. I've lost my ex, which hurts a lot, but I'm not going to off myself over that. However, She has been systematically reducing the time I spend with him and implanting him with ideas that I am a bad person that he should be fearful of. We still live together, but that's about to change and I'm going to be relegated to backseat/part-time maybe 2 days a week having to watch someone else raise my kid. Eventually he will come to loathe the days he has to be with my sad and pathetic existence within my miserable apartment so it's best I do this before he can formulate any real memories of me. Well that's my tale, or at least the parts I could organize and put down.   If anyone has read this, and want to help, first of all thank you, but I encourage you to help those who have more immediate needs. I know that I've tried to help some people on this sub, and I hope you don't think I'm hypocritical for being this way. "	sw
"I don't feel like I belong anywhere No matter what group I go to, I always feel a little out-of-place, like I never truly belong. I always feel like the odd one out. I'm not sure whether that is my own fault or if I'm just only suited to be around very specific people. Anyone else feel this way?"	cc
"Does anyone else like it when an older woman calls them a pet name such as ""baby"" or ""sweetheart""? Whenever an older woman calls me a pet name such as those mentioned above it always gives me a warm feeling. Some of my friends hate it when they are called this but it makes me feel nice and the woman doesn't even have to be attractive in my opinion for me to like it."	cc
"help i drank coffee this morning and am suddenly feeling extremely anxious about my plan later this week. i just see myself dangling from a tree. it's not like i don't want to do it, it's just something about it that's extremely terrifying. maybe it feels like im so set on doing it it feels like i can't change it. the urges come in waves though. i just need help getting through one at a time, this one with many more to come. "	sw
"Pick a song that describes your current mood You can describe your choice if you want.  [Here's mine.](https://youtu.be/xbmC4z6GDKI)  I discovered this song's album a few days ago and it strongly resonated with me. The choppy, distorted vocals and lack of structure make it feel like a reflection of the place I am in my life.  EDIT: I was not expecting this much attention. Will listen to all the songs and reply to all the messages once things quiet down."	cc
"I have a big interview tomorrow that I've been stressing over, and I've come to terms with the outcome. As the title says, I have a big interview (for grad school) tomorrow that I've been waiting about 3 months for. I have a job that I'm very thankful for, and my boss told me that if I don't get in, that I can stay on with my current organization. This whole application  process is brutal, and I'm glad that it's coming to an end...whatever the result may be. "	cc
"Why? Am I just crazy or weak or misguided or does anyone really care? Why can't I control myself when I have a breakdown, I don't even know why I end up crying, I just can't stop thinking to myself about how shitty of a person I am, that I don't deserve the life I was given and that I should die... Today at school, we were having rehearsals for out talent night, being a senior and president of the production crew I thought ""Hey, this will be fun, I love this stuff anyway."" Not even into the first act, 30 things are going wrong and the teachers are just passively battering me with ""oh oh oohh *name*  this isn't looking to well for you guys.""  Most of crew working today should be skilled individuals but it seemed like they all just didn't want to do anything or take any initiative.  Halfway through people start asking me if I'm alright because my resting face is apathetic and like anyone I talk to, I tell them I'm fine.  It's getting late and we order Pizza for the crew, I don't eat, I wait for everyone to eat and if there is anything left I eat, mainly because it's been a habit that I starve myself and I just started feeling worse midway through.  My morality went down, my competence went down, starting doubting myself about things that I normally have control over, the teachers started fixing things that I thought were right.  I walked into the washroom and into the stall and cried for a while until I cooled off and pushed through all the ""Kill yourself you worthless pile of crap"" thoughts that never stop.  I hate when people ask me if I'm okay when I want to hide it, because it just makes me want to die even more, and when I do want to talk about it with someone, they either abandon that friendship/relationship or try helping when they can't or continue to say ""Oh dont tell me"" like just FUCKING LISTEN TO ME AND HEAR ME OUT, IT'S ALL I EVER ASK BUT NOW I WANT TO DIE. My ex-gf is one of the individuals helping out with the show as part of my stage crew because she isn't too bad at it so my exec team chose her.  I respected her for a long time as friend of mine that knew a lot about me, I do that to individuals who I don't see worth hating over, but why does she not even LOOK at me, why is that you go from ""love"" to ""hate"" when someone says ""I want to break up."" The worst part is how she broke up with me.  I was at a really low point, lower than now, when were 2 months in. I ""slipped"" maybe 3 times, 3 times I told her how I truly felt on 3 separate days, 3 times I slipped and that's all it took for her to GHOST me for 1.5 months and then break up with me over a text message.  I didn't care if she helped me when I spoke to her, I just knew that she was one of the ONLY people I trusted and that cared for me.  I don't talk to my family on a regular basis and I live with them. I haven't spoken to my brother, who lives in the next room, in about a month, not a word.  I also hate driving.  My dad wants me to drive, we go out on a drive one day and I almost crash and kill us both, luckily he punched me in the face and took control of the wheel for a bit.  My mom might be my only friend at home but even then, I dont tell anyone anything.  I don't see a future for me, sure I have university acceptances, sure I live in a house, have dinner to eat alone with, have a semi-good computer and all these things, but I WANT TO FUCKING DIE.  I can't take it anymore, I hate having uncontrollable emotions, I hate who I am, I just learn to accept that Im a loud, obnoxious, nosy senior who has nothing better to do than to kill himself because in reality, no one cares.  I have no friends at school, my only 2 ""close"" friends aren't even that close to me.  1 of them lives in another country, some hundreds of kilometers away, the other might hangout with me, but he finds that our other friend that left us is better than me and worth more of his time.  I was walking home today and picture myself dead on every bridge I passed, pictured myself dead under every bridge I passed.  Why do I even try, why not give up, it'd be a total relief.  Just thinking about it, I would of course be the burden of many things like uni applications and the production crew, but none of that would matter anymore if I died! RIGHT! AM I FUCKING RIGHT!?! CAN SOMEONE PLEASE STOP THIS FUCKING VOICE IN MY HEAD, GNAWING AND SCRATCHING THE ENDS OF MY HEAD! WHY DO I FEEL LIKE ANYTIME SOMEONE ASKS IF IM OKAY, THEY'RE JUST GOING TO GO HOME AND FORGET WHAT I SAID AND HOW MUCH I WANT TO FUCKING DIE.  Why find love if they just break up with me before a 3 month mark, why find love if they lie to me and then GHOST me for a month while I work with kids and get appraisal for being good with them and them asking me to comeback.  Why try to be a good friend to people who don't look the same way I look at them.  I tried really hard being alone, and I honestly give up, I can't do this anymore... I just can't... I don't know if it's even worth saying sorry for not being strong and being a weak little bitch of an arab kid who looks white as fuck.  I'm sorry? Im realistically sorry for being a piece of a shit human, I wish I was a miscarriage like my, would've been, youngest brother that would've turned 12 this year but... didn't... Is this even the right place to put this... Why do I even try...someone please...end my suffering... I'm not even diagnosed with depression but I think there's a good chance that I have some sort of mood altering illness... I can be happy for 1 second and IMMEDIATELY switch to wanting to die... maybe I'm bipolar... maybe I;m just a crybaby bitch that deserves to die... Maybe I still have feelings for you EVEN WHEN I TOLD YOU HOW I FELT AT MY LOWEST AND YOU GHOSTED ME FOR IT... Why am I like this?"	sw
Rap Anyone else like xxxtentacion and if so what you like about him	cc
"10 probably spoiled yoghurts and a broken train line. What am I? I'm upset.   So I've been on my train for the past two hours. And it's been stuck here forever, I quote ""no service for the​ foreseeable future""  Now I'm a patient guy. People tell me this, so naturally I'm not fussed. I have a playlist of music to keep me going forever and phone games.  But the yoghurts. These beautifully crafted yoghurts that I got for free near my work are most definitely spoiled and it's just sad to think about.  In the UK we have a bank holiday Friday and Monday so the start of my awesome 4 day holiday has been a traumatic one.  I'm tweeting and informing every living body of existence... As you do. And I could not miss the opportunity to let my CC fam know!  It's not all bad guys, I'm getting picked up to go home. But as I'm writing this it's been 2 hours.  Send some condolences towards my yoghurts people. I planned when to have them all but that's not going to happen now!  (if people want I can update on my yoghurts when I'm home if they are still edible) "	cc
"What do you think about flower tattoos on men? I've got one relatively small tattoo and I've been wanting to get more. I thought about getting an edelweiss tattooed on me somewhere, with a blend of watercolour too. The edelweiss was my mum's favourite flower.  I know what you decent folks would say: things like ""if you really like/want it, go for it and don't care about what other people think"". And that's what I'd say too.   But if you were being honest, what would you think if you saw some random dude with a small-ish tattoo of a flower with a bunch of watercolour blues around it? Is it too effeminate?"	cc
"My main guys went home this weekend Two of my best friends went back home for Easter weekend, so now I'm just soloing it at my dorm, doing work, drawing, whatever keeps me occupied. Figured I could try and make some more friends on this site I always go to!  How has your weekend been? What music are you listening to? Any good shows? Anyone make your heart jump? What's up?"	cc
"The Monday Morning Water Cooler- The Easter Candy Blowout Edition As I have grown up and my kids have grown up, Easter has become less and less of a ""thing'""    BUT...Easter Monday means ONE Thing.    **EASTER CANDY HALF OFF!!!!**  What does this Monday have in store for you?  I am taking my Ex-girlfriend's car to get the oil changed because they always try to get her to buy other stuff and it gives her anxiety to say no.    Is Easter Monday really a thing, still?  And WHERE IS MY EGGIN SPRING, MAN????"	cc
"None of my progress matters My grandfather passed away last night and I'm beside myself. I have less than a handful of friends that I thought cared and supported me, but when I told them I wasn't doing okay not one, not a single one of them, said a god damned word to me.  The time when I needed someone, no one was there.  I've struggled and overcame a lot of things with my suicidal ideation, but this defeated everything I've tried to do. I don't think I will physically kill myself because of the way my parents would feel, but my mind is gone. I will never trust anyone again and that includes myself.  We will all get old and die no matter how much we loved and no one will give a shit about me or about you. Hope is the worst thing you can do to a person."	sw
"So I just found out there’s a Scientology center down the street of my school, it’s brand new Honestly I’m not entirely sure how I feel about it, at the same time I don’t know what they do I do know for a fact that a lot of people don’t seem to like them. I also recently heard a commercial for their church on the radio the other day, am I really suppose to be wary of these guys or am I ok?"	cc
"idk just some random thoughts im not going to kill myself, but i want to  it’s too much for everyone else, i don’t want to burden people even more.  i feel selfish even by thinking this  my family doesn’t care about my self harm and shit. (they’re still aware of it, and even threaten me about it)  not asking for sympathy or whatever, just stuff that’s on my mind. "	sw
Happy Friday everyone! Anything fun you've got going on this weekend? Hey everyone!  I'm currently at work in a great mood because it's FRIDAY - WOOOOO!  I was thinking about heading out to some bars with friends...but I'm thinking I'd rather hit up a tavern with my companions in Skyrim VR.  Anyone have anything cool going on?!	cc
Should I eat some bosco sticks right now? It's 11 and I am very hungry. I am very tempted to eat bosco cheese sticks from the cafe in my dorm right now but at the same time I want to be healthy. Please help me 	cc
"I'm working in Vegas for the month and I am not ready for it! Hi all!  I am working in Vegas all april and possibly most of may, I am not super stoked to be in Vegas and so close to all the rukus. Don't get me wrong, I am not the anti-social or introvert type, this city is just so intense that I find myself overstimulated everywhere I go.  Granted the city is beautiful (from a distance) and there is always something cool going on somewhere; I checked out a neat drag show last night which was fun. While I like to drink from time to time not having any friends in the area makes it hard to sit at a bar alone.  I am thinking about checking out Millennium Fandom Bar and hopefully meet a D&D group to join while I'm in town.  To anyone who lives in Vegas, if you could recommend a few quiet and chill spots to hang out and socialize I would really appreciate it."	cc
"So tired and lonely. I’m a 36 yo french dude and I live with my mom.   I’m unemployed, broke, constantly tired.   People say I’m handsome, kind, smart and I have good social skills.   Haven’t had sex in 6 years. Haven’t had a real gf in 18 years. Have no friends. No driving license.   I love working out. Lost lot of weight these past few months, gained muscle, and recently stopped smoking and fapping.   Still, all these new habits and victories of the will are but a short a respite from my ever looming depression and self loathing.   It seems I can never find the strength to do anything with my life. I’ve spent years living in my bedroom fantasizing about life’s possibilities, occasionally taking actions which mostly result in failures.   These days I don’t seem to be able to find the strength to keep going. I don’t feel that it’s worth it.  The loneliness and sexual frustration are just so painful I numb myself with xanax. The only thing that keeps we trying is knowing that it would be a huge waste of potential.  On the brink of saying fuck it though.   "	sw
"What's the least casual topic that could be discussed here while also staying within the rules? Let's discuss it. :) An experimental thread. Maybe just a fun exercise. Maybe the beginning of a beautiful... friendship? Er. A beautiful thread. Maybe. Tbh I'm just typing enough to ""elaborate further"" as the title is descriptive enough.  Anyways thanks in advance for replying to my silly thread.  :]"	cc
goodbye. There's no dialogue to be had here. goodbye.	sw
"Weird dream-reality moments I had a moment today where I was working on an assignment for school and one of my classmates had already made index pages to go with the assignment and was sharing them with people. I had dreamed of that moment some time ago, and it played out in reality with exact detail. Anyone ever have one of those moments? I have them about once every couple years, its like the matrix had a glitch or something."	cc
"Becoming more close-minded with age. It seems with each generation comes new ideas that previous generations seem to generally dislike. From small things such as video games and music, to larger issues such as war, race, and sexuality.  I'm thankful that my parents are actually quite open minded and willing to make efforts to change their views or at least try to see things 'from the other side', however every now and again there comes something new or different that they struggle to wrap their head around.   For instance my parents do not like rap music. I can understand not enjoying rap, taste in music is subjective and many of my own generation does not like rap; but they refuse to see any creative component involved with the genre no matter how much I've tried to get them to dissect the lyrics and understand how much time and effort went into writing the lines. Though I must say I love that my mom took the time to allow me to show her a more detailed look into the genre; even if she still dismissed it completely.   Can you see yourself in the future being similar to the previous generations? Do you feel that way about anything currently? Are you making, or will you make a conscience effort to be more open-minded about future music, ideas, or fads?"	cc
"How would you deal with this creepy person? So I got to the beach, parked and as I was walking to the shore, a guy parked next to me opens the window and says, ""have fun."" Not a big deal. Honestly still a bit creepy but I politely smile a thank you and keep walking. Some people are just awkward, I think. Doesn't necessarily mean he's a rapist axe murderer. He was drying up as I drove in so I'm assuming he's done and leaving. Sure enough, he drives away.  I go about my day and *one hour later*, I get the urge to find some shade because the sun is murdering me. As I get up, I see this dude practically running back to his van that he's parked next to mine in an almost empty parking lot and zooming out of the parking lot like he was fleeing. I am thoroughly creeped out. What the fuck? "	cc
"Ahhhh!!!! Apparently it's drive like an idiot day today! So I don't know if it's cuz I grew up in a different state or what, but I really just feel like no one knows how to drive here! I grew up in Michigan where people are very aggressive fast drivers, they have a place to be and they need to get there. I guess that's how I learned how to drive as well. Well, I recently moved to Florida, and it seems that everyone thinks they are the only ones on the road! I witnessed about 6 almost accidents today (in about a total of 20 minutes of driving). Mostly because of people pulling out in front of others or stopping in the middle of the road? Literally happened twice today! I am boiling mad I had to deal with all this going to and from work today! What are some things you do to help with road rage? I'm definitely a culprit of that big time! How is the driving near you?"	cc
"I'm guessing a lot of you guys are late teens mid 20s? 22 male here probably going to off myself at somepoint.  I'm socially emotionally and sexually starved, I'm 22 and I've never had sex, my dick is also laughable.  I know they say people with a plan are those most at danger of killing themselves, have been forming a plan for the past week, I'm either going to go out in the woods climb a tree and hang myself, or get a gun at some point and shootmyself   Getting a gun is easy if you aren't a felon, just apply for a FOID card and lie on the are you suicidal part of the form. Wait 3 days and wammo   I've seen a good amount of suicides and deaths because of the internet, can't say I like it. Wish we could go back to simpler times"	sw
"almost. friday. oh, and 5 q's 1. who's the smoothest person you know?  2. how often do you think about.. y'know..  3. do you enjoy the quiet?  4. where are you headed?  5. do you like music?"	cc
"I've been brushing my teeth with my left hand for the past 3 days. It was almost embarrassing how hard it was the first time but now I've got it down. I think the problem was that at first I was holding the toothbrush with my entire hand and trying to move it like I would if I was a mime, but when I realized (Reeee auto correct doesn't like that word) that's not how I brushed my teeth with my right hand, I fixed it. Anyway, interesting experience; would recommend."	cc
"I'm not worth the resources it takes to sustain me? So I want to kill myself to sacrifice myself for the planet. I get so heartbroken thinking about all the disgusting toxic waste my very existence necessitates. I mean sure, I can reduce reuse recycle, limit my use of plastic, and whatever-the-fuck, but I can't shake the feeling that my meager existence could never, ever even begin to justify the destruction my body's rampant consumption does to the planet. I'm what, here to marry so I can help make more destructive abominations, just to make my mom happy? It's not a good enough reason for me to keep fucking shit up at the rate that I am. I can't bear the thought of the elephants. Why is it shameful to want to go back to the void? Why do I have to suffer and languish here for godknows how many more years for the sake of other people? Why can't it be noble to opt to leave? I think I should be free to make this choice with honesty to everyone in my life, but I know that will never, ever happen. I'll never be able to talk about it with anyone in real life without them completely freaking out, so here I am here. What do you guys think? Life is amazing, and weird, and beautiful, and profound, and I love you all truly and deeply. But I just want out now. Can't that be okay?"	sw
"I just got my first ""hey do you workout?"" Feelsgoodman. When I began uni, I was self-confident, healthy and good-looking (based on my standards). I had just lost 45lbs, was at the peak. Then I started my degree.   I put on 30lbs in the last 4.5 years. I missed that feeling of being on top of the world so much, but didn't have the motivation or discipline to workout and eat healthy.  Back in January, I was at a party and was hoping i could hook up with a girl I had been talking to for the last month (we live 3h apart, so kinda hard). I was getting drunk but still didn't have the courage to make a move. She ended up sleeping with one of my close friends. In the same bed I was sleeping in. While I was awake. I had to do that walk of shame to get out of the room before things get spicy. I'm not mad at my friend (he didn't know), but I'm kinda disappointed in her, because she clearly knew what was going on. That was the trigger that made me go into ""fuck it"" mode once again.   I deactivated Facebook, Snapchat, everything, I started working out, cooking, eating healthy, etc. I knew I had to work on myself. And this morning a friend asked me if I worked out. So rewarding.   Thank you for reading :)"	cc
Velvet hangers - do they leave marks? Considering getting the slim line hangers in black velvet but I'm wondering if the black will rub off and stain white/light colored clothing? Has anyone had this problem?	cc
"I’m so alone right now, so much stuff has been going on in my life in a short period of time...first I can’t control my emotions or thoughts and they just play over and over again..my 17 year old dog just passed this last week and I’m so sad..and to top the cake...the girl I love just left me too. "	sw
I might have lost the fight I'm so tired. I'm so tired of the facade. The happy face. The suffering never ends. I think this is it for me. I can't take it much longer. I need help but my insurance sucks and my deductible hasn't been hit yet. I don't know what to do.	sw
"Tell me your funny grandparent stories You know how you arent suppose to eat cookie batter because the eggs arent cooked and you could get sick? My grandmother has another response.  *My little brother walks into the kitchen and sees my grandmother mixing the cookie batter*  Bro: ""Hey Mama! Can I have a lick of the cookie dough""  Grandma: *stops mixing the dough and firmly stares at my brother for 3 secs*  ""DO YOU WANT TO DIE???""  Bro: ""No..."" *walks away with a scared look on his face.""  Me: *Watches Grandma casually lick the cookie batter as she pours it into the cookie sheets*  This is funnier when you consider the fact shes a loud person and has a funny/cute asian accent.  What are your stories?  Edit: *Dough "	cc
"How do you feel about handing toddlers iPads, smartphones, or any other kind of smart devices to keep them entertained? You've seen them, children between 3-8 with tablets that barely fit in their small hands playing games/watching children's content.  On one hand it's 2018 and the way we live our lives by choosing what to do with our time will get influenced by what technology we have available. Of course this is true for both adults and children. What's wrong with kids watching barney on their parents' phones during a long road trip? Not to mention that should they wish, they can use that phone to learn new things on the fly. An exciting new frontier for education.  On the other hand, children at that age are rapidly developing their cognitive function so by ""spoiling"" them of content, parents are irresponsibly depriving them of unique experiences that brings with it a unique lesson that's invaluable to their character. This is different from Television in that now you can potentially be on a device every waking moment of your childhood.  I'm in the latter camp personally, I've never liked seeing kids with screens in their hands all the time. Although obviously there's merit in the words ""everything in moderation."""	cc
"I felt determination earlier I felt determined to kill myself earlier, I still do I just don’t want to leave my boyfriend who’s already had enough death in his life. I’m definitely not doing it tonight, it’s his birthday. Should I break up with him before? I don’t think I want to leave a note for anyone, I have a big competition next Saturday so I’m gonna do it after that. I’m starting to not give a shit about the people I’ll hurt after I kill my self, they’ll make it through. They’ll live. I’ll just be a vague memory of that one kid that killed themselves, and for my family. I just constantly let them down, and I’m chronically ill so it’ll just be a relief to them in the long run. I don’t want to keep on sucking from society with my medicine and I have this pressure that I should give back and I just can’t. Everyone will be fine eventually without me and I’m sick of trying to get help because I’ve tried and no one has done anything. And if I get admitted it’s costing more money to get myself better, and honestly I’m not worth that much. "	sw
"I was just reminded I'm not invisible online I think of the internet as this huge world full of many voices and assume that no one can hear me whispering in my own little corner.  I hardly ever attempt to engage people and therefore end up with a false sense of invisibility.    I have a twitter account, it's 2 years old and I'm sure the supposed 11 people who follow me probably forgot their log ins many months ago, and I decided this week that I'll use it to survive the off season for my favorite team.  I have tons of pics and videos from all the time I spent at games and events that no one would ever see and thought by putting it out there at least they wouldn't be a waste.    I logged in today to post another pic and had a notification.  Someone had liked the gif I made from one of my videos yesterday.  Feeling noticed has made me feel almost out of sorts.  I don't know how to feel about it really.    Does anyone else feel surprised when they're ""found"" in the sea of other users online?  Or if you're one of those who seems to never be invisible, do you sometimes wish you were?     "	cc
"I quit my job that I had become complacent in today, how was your day? This job was sucking the life out of me, and the commute was 60 miles each way.  Was offered a new opportunity 20 miles from home at 20% more money!  It will be a harder job but I didn’t like my current job because I had become complacent due to lack of work.   What did everyone else do?"	cc
"Turning the big Twenty-Dub. Happy birthday to me! I turned 22 this rainy Wednesday. I didn't do anything special really. I went for a spirited drive north of town and got some McDonald's after my last class. I'll hopefully do something more celebratory this weekend if the weather holds out. I had plans to go autocrossing in my new car, but that got cancelled due to weather.  I didn't get any presents. The agreement I have with my parents is in exchange for not getting any B-Day gifts, I get a more expensive graduation gift next month, and they've agreed to get me a David Clark One-X aviation headset. It'll be a lot nicer than the headset I've been using for the past few years.  When's your birthday, and what do you want as a gift?  Do you like parties, or just chillin'?"	cc
"Who likes ""bad weathers""? I usually walk about an hour everyday on the beach. Most days are sunny and relatively mild where I live with not a lot of weather events.  But I like weather events! Strong winds, waves crushing at rocks, gray color on air... Whenever I witness this I go take a walk right away, and sit on a bench looking at the horizon. I don't know why, but there is something very soothing about the gray air."	cc
"Trying to decide on whether I should just get a new car or get used car at a dealership I'm planning on getting a new car soon. My budget is basically 19k or less.   I was planning on getting a new VW jetta for 18500~ but I'm not sure if its worth it now that I think abt it.   My other choice is a used ford fusion. It goes for less, and its a hybrid which is great, and has better features. But I'm not super knowledgeable about warranty and mile ranges that are good and stuff so I just wanted some opinions.   What should I do? If you wanna talk abt something else tho, I'm down. "	cc
"Advice? What’s the best way to kill yourself while at the same time, making it look like you didn’t kill yourself? I’m at the end of the road and don’t want to live any further. A lot has happened and I choose to end it here before any more can happen. For my family’s sake, I don’t want my death to look like a suicide. Advice is greatly appreciated.   Thank you in advance   EDIT: I’m not trolling."	sw
"I drove a random stranger back to their home. Settle down folks, this is gonna be a long one!  It was a Thursday morning about three or four weeks ago and I was sat in my Pharmacology class slowly feeling the impeding doom of an anxiety attack. I was toying with the idea of ditching the class I had after lunch and going home to play some video games in hopes of making my day better. Lunch time rolls around and I decide to go home, I pick up my favourite salad and drive home.   I'm about to dig in when I think to myself M1chael_Burnham, this could tastes 100 times better if you inhaled some dead plant smoke. So I quickly roll up and head outside to smoke. As I'm walking around the corner (my apartment block is on the corner of a busy main road and a dead end, I prefer to smoke on the dead end road) I see a girl across the road looking lost and I start repeating ""please don't ask for directions"" quietly to myself. I stupidly make eye contact with her and she shouts across the road asking where she was. Being the nice person I am I decide to explain to her, ""you're on Discovery"". I chuckled myself as I found myself in a situation I didn't want to be in, but that was fine. She crosses the street and she explains that she isn't a local, she looked desperate, lost and scared. I ask her where she's from and she tells me she's from a town that's 30mins away and then she just started bawling her eyes out explaining that she had been spiked the night before and had spent the most part of the day locked in a strange man's room. She'd just had to push the guy out of the way with the door as he came back into the room and just ran until she found me. She asked if she could use my phone to call a friend, he didn't pick up. I asked her if she wanted to get the police involved because I know some people are a bit iffy about policemen/women. She immediately says no, I then suggest giving her directions to the nearest bus station and she says she has no money, she only had a very old Nokia phone on her and she was wearing a hoodie, leggings and some Nikes. As I looked closely at her I noticed visible bruises on her wrists & back of neck, I really wanted to call the police but I also didn't want to make her feel like she cannot trust me. We tried calling her friend again and there was no answer. As I'm looking around me I see my car parked on the road and I just blurt out that I'll take her home since it's only a 30min drive. I immediately regret it as I realise I'm inviting a complete stranger into my car, I further explain that I'll only take her if a friend of mine comes with us, just to be safe and she was fine with that. If anything she was grateful.   We jump in the car, pick up my friend (who happened to be about a mile away luckily). I offered the girl some breakfast bars I keep in my car for homeless people and she just devoured them, like she hadn't eaten in days. Again I think about calling the police so I  ask her her age just to make sure I'm not driving a minor and she says sh2es 22, I didn't believe her but she had an expired provisional license on her which confirmed her age. I made sure to drive as safe as possible because I didn't want to have a car crash or something with a total stranger in the car, how would I explain that one!?  We get to her house and her friend we'd tried calling earlier was standing outside visibly freaked out (I think they'd been out together the night before) he was very grateful for bringing her back. I gave the girl my number just to keep in contact and she said she'd call or text to let me know how she's doing. She didnt.   I feel stupid, like I got played/lied to. On the other hand I couldn't just leave her to fend for herself because if I had been in her situation I'd want help too.  I don't know if I'm over thinking it but I feel like I shouldn't have taken her home, that I should have called the police and had them help her. No one but my boyfriend and the friend who came with me know, and I guess you guys now. Was I wrong? Should I have left her? Should I have called the police?  Tl:dr - drove a stranger home, probably should have called the police to help as she was far from home and a potential victim of abuse  Edit: forgot Tl;dr"	cc
"There's a really big spider in my apartment It must have been 5cm across. I tried to pick it up with a piece of paper to put it outside, but it scurried under the bookcase. By the time I found a flashlight to check under the bookcase, it had disappeared. Now that spider is on the loose somewhere in here. I hope it remembers that I tried to show mercy."	cc
"I cant stop crying Theres so much shit going on and i cant stop cying... I feel like nobody really cares how i feel... Ever. I cant really open up to anybody! People call me an ""ispiration"". Why? Because i am living a toxic shithole of a life? Im not an inspiration... Im a sob story. Im a burden to everyone i meet. Nobody really likes me. Theyre just pretending to like me because theyre scared that i might hurt myself! Im tired of worrying people"	sw
"I almost killed myself, now I don't know what to do I've always struggled with depression but this is the first time I actually almost put a bullet in my head or a mistake I made at work. I had the gun loaded and everything then I started crying. I don't know where to go from this. I'm already seeing a therapist. Do I tell them? What do I do?"	sw
"Have you ever stopped to think about all the super-powers that superheroes and villains must have that we just don't worry about? Even if you use official canonical sources of stats on various superheroes and villains, they still omit an awful lot that has to be happening.  For example every single super *must* have some form of concussion resistance.  I mean, sure, your skin is rock hard, but you still got knocked through three buildings.  Your brain would have been liquified inside your rock-solid skull!  Or, say, the phasing people who can make themselves pass through solid objects?  Yeah, they've all got some form of levitation/flight, because when they go immaterial, the floor becomes as useful to them as a cloud, they'd start sinking like a brick with no way of coming back up until they're stuck in the Earth's core.  I know some of you have thought about this too.  What else have you got?"	cc
"Today or tomorrow I’ve made my plan, I am going to drive myself off the highest cliff I can’t find. That way my parents or my roommates won’t be the ones to find me and it will look like an honest mistake. I am taking care of a few things that need to be done that should only take maximum a day and then I’m going to do it. I can’t take this anymore. "	sw
"Does anyone feel like a functioning suicidal? I feel like I could end it all at any second and get some relief. But I also go through the motions of life like I'm planning to live for so much longer. I go to class for the most part, eat food, try to look groomed on the outside. In a way, I feel like people can't take me seriously. All my so called friends just look at me like there's nothing wrong with me. Even though I tell them things, it's like the end of the day I look okay on paper, so I must be okay. My parents know I feel like this but they already have my life planned out and I feel trapped. It's been a constant trend in my life where even if I tell people I'm struggling, no one believes me. I think that's part of what has driven me to this point because no one wants to help. I don't know if I'm the only one who feels this way "	sw
"It's not worth the effort. Been struggling financially in the military ever since my mother essentially stole thousands of dollars from me, got separated from the military for being autistic and because I've had a history of suicidal thoughts, and still struggling to make ends meet as a civilian. So tired of this, I can't do anything. I just live to work and sleep, I don't have any friends and have never known what it's like to have a half-decent life.  I'm putting all this effort into life, and for what? Something I hate? Something I don't give two shits about? I don't care anymore."	sw
"What drinks do you recommend?? I just bought my first alcoholic drink (a mimosa, I heard its nothing special but it was soo good!) now that Im 21.  A friend of mine recommend to get a mimosa for brunch so I did after my morning shift work. What are some good drinks do you recommend for a first timer like me?"	cc
"I'm still alive You probably don't know and probably don't care, but i talked about running away and killing myself, it didn't work and I got caught skipping school by my friends dad. It was a very depressing day. Anxiety, anger, and depression is all still as bad, if not, definitely worse. Oh well. Just though I had to update for the couple of people that cares enough to respond "	sw
"drunken idiot bad self hatred Got real drunk and made an ass of myself infront of work crew, even fell over at one point. Ran around with my shirt open, pants half unbuttoned. Although I did bump into a sober mate who saw and said I was just having a ""good time"".  Sprayed my beer on or near someone in a mock jerking off motion, and acted a bit silly cause even though she’s flirted with me before she’s not into me and was kissing another dude right infront of me, its almost as if she did it on purpose because she grabbed the guy by the hand, moved him and made sure it was in my vision before she started up, maybe not though.  I’ve spoken to some people who said who cares we all get silly sometimes especially working in bars like we do, but I’m older and acted like a teenager.  Saw her sister at work and got a bit of a funny greeting at first but it seemed to smooth over and go back to normal by the end of the night. We all work in hospitality and crazy shit it common place, from married guys getting drunk and hooking up with staff and then going home to their wives like nothing happened. I actually still remember my first staff party, people were so wasted on ecstasy the girls started giving the guys foot massages and sucking on their toes (I was just a shocked 19 year old kid watching it all)    I spoke to my workmate and he didn’t even know about anything happening and no one cares, but I always over react about stuff. Perhaps it will just blow over, none of the managers have called me in for a meeting or anything to discuss, and I realised the next day I didn't even really like that girl, it was just a nuts situation. I guess I'm just wanting to vent, as Ive been going in and out of panic attacks and anxiety, I even considered walking up to my manager and telling him I have to quit and find a new job.   I just hate myself for what i've done and feel like such a fool, haven't slept properly and have been drinking to try to forget and have had many anxiety attacks too in the process."	sw
"The pain will all be gone. I just make new scars, i will carry this shit for the rest of my life, so i might as well make it a short trip, right?  Sure, everyone will be sad, angry, and in pain, but in due time, they will inderstand that i, in fact, found peace. It is not anybody's fault but mine, i kept quiet until it was too late, and now all i do is make people worry.  I don't know when i'll finally decide to do it, but i have a noose tied for a while, i just need to find a good place and rewrite my note.  In less than 15 seconds, all of life's troubles will just... flow away, in 5 or so minutes, life itself will follow as i sleep.  The only ones who i fear i will truly hurt are my parents, i am their only child. I am sorry i have destroyed all that you have worked so hard to create. I have made sure to be all smiles and laughes around you so you won't worry, but you have no idea i am dying inside, Mom. Dad, i know you think depression is a feeling that can be solved by manning up and getting over it, but it's not that simple. i will never tell you that, because you may blame yourself.   To my friends and other family: i'm sorry, i hope you aren't too effected by this, i stopped talking to most of you because i wanted to make this as soft of a blow as possible. To those of you i never did cut off, you know why i did this, and i want you all to get help, all of you, because i know some of the shit you deal with. Don't end up like me.  I loved you all. See you soon, M, my love.  It's just a matter of time."	sw
"Still wanting to end it all. Hey reader,  I have not done this for years, but I've noticed that some thoughts just won't go away. I have some deep questions and wonder if anyone can shine some light on it.   Who am I: I'm 24 and living in the Netherlands. Had a nice youth on a small school and lot of friends. When I was about 12/13 I started getting these very negative emotions. The darkness in the future, the helplessness, the sadness. But it was mostly at night and could very well hide it from others. My parents aren't very good emotional helpers and didn't notice anything.    This continued growing older. I have to add that I have a brother who was very difficult at home. He was like depressed 24/7 since I knew him. (Now I know it's probably he's a bit autistic, just like my father.) I always tried to be the happy one, but that changed on my 18th. I started smoking a lot of weed and just didn't accept my parents anymore.    What is going on now? I just feel trapped inside a sick joke. On the one hand my social anxiety prevents me to get actual help. The depression just pumps these negative feelings in me all day. Also suicide related of course. My autistic side keeps me angry for years, it feels like the first day I was angry. But then everyday.    I want to keep doing my job, it's going very well. But I also want to put a knives in my wrists or heart. I want to have a girlfriend to share this with, but also wants to just disappear and never come back. I want to tell my close friends how I truly feel, but I also want to punch some of them to death.   Yes I'm afraid of death, who isn't? But the situation I'm in keeps giving me stress and I can't tell anyone about it. On top of that, 3 of my friends are in the same position.. but did tell everybody. All of them have been hospitalized and 2 of them have now been alienated from our friend group. We just can't recognize them anymore. The other one is babling for a year now how it all comes because of his OCD/ADHD and his parents.    I don't want to be a pathetic person who thinks he's important. Man.. the circles I went threw. How can I break this? Do I need to search for help? I only want to do that if I'm 100 procent sure I have something. But on the other hand I can ""play"" the human role very well.    I think I can never unseen the emotions and deep depth I have been in. It will always be with me, doesn't matter how much weed I smoke.    Sorry for the long text and English, but just wanted to write this off of me.   PS: no I don't feel like committing suicide right now, but It's something that has been following me for years. It's so scary."	sw
Almost Last night I stood at our kitchen and held a chef knife towards my stomach. Right before I thrusted it into my intestines for some reason I stopped myself. I was having a psychotic episode all by myself. Now all I feel is guilt and anger. Guilt for pushing my pain on others and anger for not going through with it. I can't stop thinking about it. I feel like I'm going to end it tomorrow night after school. I don't want to tell anyone because I don't want to go to the psych ward again. I also don't want to anger my parents. I don't know what to do...	sw
"my mind is made up i sit here at 12:47am, typing my bullshit feelings out to complete strangers who do not know me...then again, does anyone?  i’m seventeen years old, a girl from england who has already made plans to kill herself within the next couple of days. i don’t have a particular trigger or event that caused me to feel this way, it’s just how fucked up i am. my anxiety and depression have lead me down a dark route that i’ve given up fighting my way out of.  i’ve felt hopeless for as long as i can remember, even as a child with a great family. i am the problem not them.  i attempted suicide at fourteen, clearly unsuccessful, where i was frowned upon by the organisations meant to help me. “she didn’t know what she was doing” they said. no, because every fourteen year old swallows a ton of pills as if they won’t know the consequences.  i feel that there is no helping me.  i’m a closed book and my story is finished.  i came here because i cannot be open with anybody in person, but please don’t try to convince me not to take my own life because there is honestly no changing my mind."	sw
I am feeling numb and just want to end this i cant feel happy and everything seems dull and pointless. I just want this to end. i dont know but everything just make me want to end this life. Everyone keep telling me it'll be okay but is it?	sw
"Is anybody else tired of being abandoned from a conversation online? This issue is probably brought up a lot but it seems to be a common problem when meeting new people online. I try  (whenever I have a chance) to be quick to respond as well as attentive when it comes to online conversations but I understand everyone isn't that way. I try to give the benefit of the doubt but it seems more than two-thirds of the people I meet randomly disappear, usually a day to a week after meeting. Even a ""Goodbye, you're lame"" would be nicer than not even responding. Is anyone else feeling this way? Even if you don't, do you have a guess to why this happens?"	cc
"Thoughts on life Ever since I started smoking weed I’ve turned my vision on life, I think it’s pretty dark and nihilistic, almost hopeless at times. It seems like the only motivation for me is money, just because I can travel and buy the things I like, but even that doesn’t motivate me sometimes. I often think about crypto currencies and how I want to become an early millionaire just to avoid working and the social interactions involving that, and sometimes I feel like that’s the only aspiration I have, which I feel is kind of depressing but at the same time comforting. What do you think about this? Am I getting too deep in my mental illness? I feel abnormal most of the time and that hurts me ☹️"	sw
"I don't like gravy. No really, I really don't like it. Never have. I can't really explain my reasoning for it, but every time I've tried to enjoy it I never do.  Quite a few foods/drinks I don't care for either, like tea, but that's for another time."	cc
Have you ever noticed how people describe their heritage? I notice people like to define themselves by their last names. Just because your last name is Irish doesn’t mean you can go around saying your Irish. Must just be a pet peeve of mine. My last name is German but I am not German. I’m American with a German last name and German heritage. 	cc
"I'm Nuts To Do It, Always Been My Whole Life That's Why I'm Here Where I'm All my life I've been nuts to do things. Nuts to talk to the girls I liked. Nuts to talk to people. Nuts to do what I want. Nuts to say what I wanted to say.   I'm almost 20 years old and I feel like it's over. I'm too late to fix things. I have a girl that I like now and I'm nuts to be nice with her. I'm at my home alone. Feeling lonely. I have a bottle of champagne I want to drink it, but I know it's just a temporary solution.   I'm ready to do 'it'. What's stopping me? Is the fact that I'm nuts to do it like I've always been."	sw
"My friend committed suicide 1 day after I hung out with him on Christmas on the 26th. Could've I prevented his suicide? I did not call him or skype him that day. I seriously regret it. But we were supposed to hang out on Thursday. Idk how to deal with this tragedy. I had no idea he would do this. So a really good friend of mine that I knew for 10 years committed suicide on the 26th of December of 2017. This has made me feel very insecure and almost depressed. He lived 40+ minutes away from me. But the thing is he told me that we will go to Arizona to check out a school there. And we were supposed to hang out on Thursday the 28th. But I have no idea what caused him to take his life. I got the call from his aunt at 11pm on that Tuesday as I was going to bed that he is in the hospital. And my mom came in my room later and told me that his mom told her that he hung himself. I did not talk to or see him that day. But earlier that day he uploaded a Snapchat video of him watching Lord of The Rings on a Macbook Pro. And the regret I already have is why did I not talk to him on that day? That's what is bothering me about my friends death the most. Is that I wish I asked him if he wants to hang out with me on that day. But I had no idea that he was gonna do this because there were no warning signs or I did not get any feelings that he was gonna do this. But he smoked weed alot and I heard later that he took XANAX(anti-anxiety pill) and mixed it with weed and painkillers. But I am not sure if that was the cause of his death. I asked my Parents and Friends about why do I have such a regret of not reaching out to my friend that day because I wish I reached out to him and ask ""Hey wanna hang out?"" or something? But they keep telling me to not have such regrets and there was no way that I was going to prevent my friends suicide. Why do I keep feeling guilty? I miss my friend. And I wish he was still here physically. But I heard he had depression and he never told me that he actually had depression. I miss my friend and I want him to be physically here again. What do I do? On the Monday(1 day earlier) that I saw him he was completely normal I did not notice anything strange in him his suicide just completely caught me by surprise. The 25th of December of 2017 is the last time I saw my friend. The thing I am trying to figure out is why he would do such a thing and not think about his friends? Cause I miss my friend so much. I wish I talked to him on the day he killed himself but then again I had no idea that he had depression or was planning suicide. But still I can only imagine if he would've been alive if I asked him on text if he wants to hang out. My friends suicide has been tormenting me and I keep asking myself why did he take his own life? I really wish I called him up but my other friend tried to call him but he did not respond to his phone call on the day he killed himself. I have been struggling to focus in class. I keep thinking about him day and night 24/7. The thing I miss the most is hanging out with him and skating. I wish I attempted to call him up that day and it's haunting me. I've been struggling to have a piece of mind because of this. Please help. Any useful advice? "	sw
"Chit chat? It’s my day off and my friends schedule got changed so we can’t do what we normally do on Friday. So I’m bored beyond belief and need someone to chat with. Literally we can about anything. Youtubers, Magic the Gathering, Music, Food. Anything you want. "	cc
I will kill myself one day I want to kill myself in the must horrific way possible so my abusive mom will need to clean the mess she made.	sw
"Can't find my glasses I bet there's been times when people can't find their glasses. I can't find mine right now... I've checked my entire room. I took mine off at like 4 AM and I think they fell off my bed somewhere. I've spent the last 45 mins searching....  So now I'm just sitting on the floor, defeated, and browsing reddit.  How's it going everyone?"	cc
"The boy in the striped pajamas messed me up I just watched it for the first time on Netflix and wowee, that messed me up.   How could people be so cruel and inhuman? How could people just dispose of people like that? I just don’t know what to feel. Makes me feel extremely grateful for living how I do and how extremely lucky I am "	cc
"anyone want to talk before i figure out how I got time, no tools, still suffering with my parents until I get some alone time to figure it out"	sw
"After nearly a year, making friends is still hard I broke up with my ex almost a year ago and right after, I decided I wanted to get out of my shell and make friends. I’ve downloaded apps and have gone to meetups but I am yet to make meaningful friendships. Though I must say I met a girl recently that seems to be pretty cool and we even have the same birthday, I’m praying we can become great friends. But other than that it’s been hard, I’m literally alone most of the time. I’m trying to stay positive because I believe in God and I know he will see me through this. Anyone have any stories about how they were loners and then found their “peeps”? "	cc
"Didn't have the best of days, now listening to music. Do you guys wallow when you're upset or do you try and make it better? I don't know, usually I'm okay at getting over humps like today pretty quickly by motivating myself, but I'm just sitting at my computer listening to [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VxWxQ9E_mO4) song, and it's making me [happy and sad](https://scontent-sea1-1.cdninstagram.com/vp/58dac6441e7dd7599cc70c4c70bbb524/5B4BDBEC/t51.2885-15/s480x480/e35/11370992_876683379093276_1726864273_n.jpg?ig_cache_key=MTA1MTAyNTk3MzU2ODk3NTk3OA%3D%3D.2).  So like the title says, do you guys just let yourselves wallow further or do you try and snap out of it?"	cc
Coming home Moved home recently after 7(ish) years of living away. Think it might just be the worst decision I have ever made. I now have constant reminders how everyone’s lives have moved on without me and how I am now just a burden to them...a dark cloud clinging to them which they feel too guilty to get rid of. I have just walked alone for 2 hrs and counted 17 cars I could have / should of jumped i front of. Everything would be better if I wasn’t here. 	sw
I am not sure if I had the good or bad day today I am working on making an electric skateboard and riding it a mile to a 7-11 then back. But each time I get almost there it breaks down. I enjoy sitting down to fix it because its a satisfying to do and it makes me feel like I am doing something with my day. But then again I haven’t really gotten anywhere today and it is annoying knowing that the things I am doing aren’t fixing anything. Now I am sitting on the curb waiting to get picked up by my father. 	cc
"I just want to die I tried to kill myself a short time agoand woke up in the hospital I hate my life. I’ve lost more in the past year than in my whole life. I lost the person I loved more than anyone in my entire life. I can’t stop drinking alcohol I’m drinking almost a half a fifth a day. I’m gaining weight. I hate the things I once loved. I’ve always been smart but never been successful and I never will be. Time is just passing me by and my mistakes are catching up with me. I hate this world. I hate this life. I hate myself so much. I’m a burden to my family. I let them down so much. I can’t escape these feelings they only get worse. I’ve struggled my whole life and I’m tired of it. I’m tired of living. I’ve tried medicine, counseling everything and nothing helps. I’m hate myself. Especially for losing the person I loved the most. I just want this daily pain to go away so bad. "	sw
"if i died why would you care? let me make it clear I'm not going to commit suicide but would you honestly care if I did? would you miss me? NO you wouldn't my ""friends"" wouldn't miss how I act how I laughed anything they would cry cause they don't have there human there to make them feel better after a breakup or someone always down to do anything with them talk so much shit about someone and one day they'll be gone you won't care you were saying how insufferable they were and how you hate talking to them now your crying and for what? guilt ? "	sw
"Shit I'm nearly killed myself Fuck man I'm only 18 and I've tried to kill myself 3 times, nothing seems to help. Just a minute ago I tried to hang myself with a belt but I backed out cuz I was scared, I don't know anymore man my life wasn't supposed to go like this. (I meant to I instead of I'm in the title) "	sw
How can I make school less monotonous So recently I have been really getting sick of school. It’s the same boring stuff everyday and it’s really draining. It’s super monotonous. I can barely get through each day and it’s really making me unhappy. I have tried doing stuff before and after school to make it feel shorter but it doesn’t work. Any ideas on how to make it go by quickly? Thanks!	cc
"I have a very relaxing week ahead! Hi there!   So I found out today that my boss is not going to be here for the whole week. I work in a very small building in a shared office on the top floor (there are only conference rooms here and my boss' office) and usually no one else uses the shared office, unless there are people here that need to see my boss. So apparently I'm alone on the whole floor for the rest of the week. Of course I'm still going to do my work but there's a different energy here.   So how are your work days/weeks? Busy? Relaxed?    I feel kind of bad since I know that a good friend of mine is in hell right now (some two-days out-of-office meeting thing, he has to take notes, pay attention all the time).."	cc
I don’t want to live I fell in love with a girl. We dated for a while. She died in a car accident. I fell in love with another. She hates me now. I’ve been diagnosed with GAD and depression. The only thing keeping me sane at this point is the copious amounts of benzos I’ve been taking. I’m 19 and don’t have a job or even a drivers license. I’m living off of my dad who has enough trouble as it is paying for his divorce with my mom. I dropped out of school in grade 11 because the depression and anxiety were so bad I couldn’t go without having a panic attack the whole day. I want to die but as an atheist. I’m terrified of the void that I believe awaits me. And I’m left considering if it’s any worse than what my life is now. Idk if anyone will read this. Or care if they do. But I’ve pushed all my real friends away and just need to get this out to someone who might understand. Thanks for your time. 	sw
"I (18M) am in the middle of summer vacation and my friends are all out of town. I really wanna have some intellectual conversations right now . Or just shit-talk . Anything . I'm a Gemini , so its literally a need to talk to other people all the time  . Anyway , my main interests are - Books on Strategy ( Politics , military) , the occult ( super interested in it even though I got into it recently , I try to read a book a day ) but if you guys have anything else interesting to talk about , I'm game . I love getting the chance to learn something new . "	cc
"Why are people who call themselves ""pro-life"" typically all pro-death penalty, pro-war/military, pro-police state, and get erections when Muslims are murdered? You need to just call yourselves anti-abortion."	sw
"People who hold the door open for people in wheelchairs, you’re the best. I took my friend shopping yesterday, and he’s severely disabled. Not a problem, we do this all the time.  But THIS time, the little button that opens the door for handicapped people was broken.  I was contemplating going in through the door backwards and holding it open with my ass while trying to wrestle his monster of a chair through. Suddenly , three different people rushed over to help us.  It was a little thing, but it was so appreciated.  If you are the type of person who does this, you’re the best. "	cc
"Confused about life So, my question is, if you were not suppose to be born, does that mean you're doomed for life? My mother had me at 28, against her Dr wishes because she had heart disease. Well, she wanted a child, and thus had me! At 3yrs old, I lost my mother to her battle of heart disease and have lived a shitty life since!!! I had an abusive stepmother, with a jealous streak! My father was no better and at age 12 I went to live with my grandmother. Every decision I've made since has caused me sadness, loneliness, anger, and grief. The only good thing out of my life are my 3 children. And to this day, I don't know what to do. I'm 44yrs old, and wish I could grab my mother by her shoulders and shake her!! And ask her why she would do this to me!! Leave me in this place called a world to suffer!!! Why couldn't she have listened to the Dr and not had children!! Then she would be alive, and I, non existant. I'm so confused, angry and upset!!! Also, helpless, because I don't know how to change things!!! And I'm to much of coward to commit suicide!!! Idk, I just don't know."	sw
"I'm probably going to die on Thursday Initially, I wanted to meet with a friend that I had destroyed my relationship with. I wanted to fix it and know where I went wrong and what to do in future. Additionally, I would meet another person, who had deeply hurt me and kept hurting me. I wanted them to understand what they were doing and try to fix that etc.  I was going to kill myself only if I couldn't fix both. Like an ""AND"" logic gate.  Then it all fell apart, first the second person treated me like a subhuman, then, since they knew each other, they wanted to meet at the same time, rich meant that it was more likely that it wouldn't work because there was different information and they could defend each other – the discussion would get nowhere.  Lastly, the first person decided they didn't want to meet anymore. And the second person probably won't want to either.  I was about to shoot myself when I decides to do this, and when they both agreed, I put suicide on the shelf. Now it was for nothing.  I'm going to kill myself on Thursday (this was when we were supposed to meet) or Saturday when everyone is out of the house. I'm done with this pain and this world and this everything.  I didn't deserve this, but I'm getting it."	sw
"They’re either going to find me swinging from a tree somewhere or beaten to death in my own home. It’s only a matter of time before he snaps. I’m worthless, I relapsed, he hates me for it. Hates me because the alarm didn’t go off this morning so he was 4 minutes late to work. Hates me because I forgot to tell him that the customer doesn’t want hot sauce. I’m a piece of shit that pressured him into a relationship he says.  “You’re lucky you have a fucking pussy or else I’d beat the shit out of you” “There has to be something wrong with you because I’ve never gotten this angry at anyone ever. Even my mother doesn’t piss me off as much as you. I don’t have fucking anger problems, you just always FUCK ME, Sky. You FUCK ME.” I’m sorry I’m sorry I’m sorry. When did the people in my life get so hurtful. When did I get so useless. I hate that I’m like this. I want to jump off the interstate bridge. I want to hang myself from the tree in the middle of the lakes.  I want to be GONE GONE GONE.  I’m such a useless piece of shit.  I used to be talented.  I used to be happy. I used to love performing. And drawing. And writing. And now I’m nothing. "	sw
"Help. I feel like living is to hard. I know I have family and friends that love me, but I have thought about death for awhile now. I just can't get over the fact that every would be better with out me. Please take me out of this .  I have a gun, I'm afraid..."	sw
"If there was a video recording of the worst moment of your life, would you want to have a copy of it? If there was a really good quality HD video recording (w/audio) of whatever the 'worst' moment in your life (so far), would you keep it or just get rid of it immediately?  Bonus: What if it showed the 'worst' moment of your life in general, including something that hasn't happened to you yet?"	cc
"Do you have a passion, and if so how did it come to be ? I'm almost done university, will finish with two good degrees, I have work experience so finding a job won't be hard. Got a girlfriend that I love, will probably move in with her in a year or two. I think I'm set to start life after uni.  However, I still haven't found something I really enjoy in life.  For example; I like travelling, but not for too long. I like playing music, but not enough to play it for long periods of time. I like video games, but same thing here, gets boring after a little while.    Most people around me have atleast one thing they would love to do all the time if they didn't have other priorities, but I don't.   Doesn't really bother me but sometimes it gets a bit boring. How about you guys?"	cc
I wish I was gone Why can't I be one of those people who dies through an accident? Others would be better off living life instead of me. I wish death could happen at the flip of a switch but it's not that easy. It's just a matter of time. I wish it was soon	sw
"What is something you wish you knew when you started college / university? I'm 5 weeks into my course and I've lost a sense of direction since high school, where I was working towards getting a certain score to get into university.  So whether you have graduated successfully, swapped courses at least once or dropped out - what was something you wish you knew that would have seriously helped you either academically, socially or financially?"	cc
"My issues are miniscule... I think about killing myself at times.  About ending it all and I feel so much shame.  My life doesn't suck.  I haven't been abused and my family doesn't suck.  I just feel as if I suck.  I feel so much shame and inadequacy when it comes to myself.  I try to be better but I can't.  I've seen a lot of counselors but nothing comes from it.  I don't get better. I'm too hard on myself and so many other things and I don't want to even think about it.  But I think about it so much about everything.  About how I struggled through college. About how I lost the girl I love and miss her.  About how much I hate myself and hit myself. All I've done really is hit.  Punch myself.  Hit in my face. Mouth. Eyes.  I never used to understand that pain but I get it now.  Told my parents I hit once and they were scared.  Said i'd be sent somewehre.  Then we never talked aobut it again.  Idk....I just don't like me very much.    Working a stupid job that doesnt put my degree to use.  DOn't know where I""m going.  I keep trying to be a better person but I'm too stupid for that.  I feel as if im better off alone and forgotten.  Abandoned.  I feel shame for even feeling and thinking this.  Like some stupid cycle.  I'm just tired. Idk....idk what to do for myself.  Tired of feeling bad.  I won't kill myself but I thik about it  at times.  idk.  Soryr if this post isn't for a place like this."	sw
"How do you stop being social awkward/shy? How do you ''stop'' being socially awkward? I dont have many friends and few I do have, I have known since primary school. In other words I haven't made any new lasting friendships. Nor do I have a girlfriend so there's that (obviously).  Im shy by nature, I'm rarely the one to go up to someone and say hi. That aswell as the fact that I stay locked in my room for most of the day, living like a NEET. It's gotten to the point where I've gotten social anxiety. How do you reset this?  If it is of any relevance, I live in Norway."	cc
"Fed up. I never thought I'd be posting on here. I've been contemplating on it for over a month now. I subscribed to reach out and help people. I've been off my medication for roughly a month (I've called in refills but they love to drag their feet) and I've informed the pharmacy I ran out weeks ago. I've been sober for 5, almost 6 months and I'm fucking miserable. I can't go a single day without the involuntary thoughts of using miscellaneous objects to take my own life. The moment I get a glimpse of a gun I think of how easy it would be. Sometimes, it's also been occurring more often recently, I have the desire to act on the compulsion. I'm running out quickly on the will to live and I have nobody I can talk to that I fully trust here. It's just becoming so difficult to even put forth the effort to breathe  My mind feels so scattered and I feel like I'm rotting on the inside The only reason I'm posting this is because I know healthy me would want me to do so"	sw
"Never been a big reader, I tried to start a reading habit since December and now I've finished 7 books < 300 pages. Back in December I wanted to try and start a reading habit. I've never been a big reader and I thought about giving it another try. Back in school I never read something that I actually wanted to read. I was always told what to read and I think that developed a sense of not liking to read.   So I decided that I was going to try and read 20 pages a day of some book I found interesting. I tend to really like non-fiction books and things that could help me on a day to day basis. Mostly self-help stuff and I find it really enjoyable. I find there's lots of interesting psychology behind our everyday lives.      Any one else read any of these books or have any recommendations? Anyone find a new passion for reading in your late 20's/in general?     1. The Compound Effect - Darren Hardy   2. Tribe: On Homecoming and Belonging - Sebastian Junger    3. A Mind For Numbers - Barbara Oakley   4. The Little Book of Common Sense Investing   5. The Happiness Advantage - Shawn Achor   6. The Code Book: The Science of Secrecy from Ancient Egypt to Quantum Cryptography - Simon Singh   7. The One Thing - Gary Keller"	cc
"I am giving up! I am thinking about suicide every day for years.I reached a point where nothing is making me happy.I never truly laughed for years,only fake laughing every fucking day.By knowing myself and other people I started to feel disgust towards human race.I was too good,and now I'm not half the man I used to be.  I don't know what is keeping me alive.I got nothing.I don't have looks,I am poor,I am not much of a person,actually, I am terrible person and I am not that smart. Even though it won't matter what you say to me,I am curious about what you have to say.I know I will hurt my family,but if I'm dead I don't care. Tell me,why should I live?"	sw
"Advice? I’m sorry if this doesn’t follow the rules for this sub but I’ve posted in three different ones hoping for advice. Last night I found out my friend committed suicide. I’m in denial, and I just want some advice, if anyone else has lost someone please just give me some tips on how to deal with it  Thank you "	sw
"Sorry, guys, it's over I want to write a note or something but I'm tired of explaining myself. Thanks for the support so far, but I definitely can't keep living like this.  How cheap can I get a helium tank from the party store?"	sw
"I don’t know how to “let go” One of my biggest personal issues is obsessiveness and with simply not being able to let go of pain. I still remember mean things people said to me in high school (I’m 25) and sometimes they can still make me sad, I remember every fight I’ve had with my girlfriend, every word said in anger. I carry it all with me all the time and it’s so exhausting, it’s so upsetting to realize you’re sad about something that happened years or months ago. But I don’t know how to make the thoughts stop, it’s affecting my relationships, I neglect my responsibilities sometimes just to ruminate. I can’t even picture what my life would be like free of this baggage because I can’t even conceptualize what that might look like. How does one learn to “let go”."	cc
"Why do I want to kill myself? I am fortunate, but I am not a good person. I have no mental illness, no abusive family, and yet I want to get my life over with. I get angry thinking about the fact that if anybody was asked who they want to be with the most, it wouldn't be me. I'm not good enough for myself or for anybody. I feel like im constantly about to throw up. I feel like I'm not supposed to be here. I'm out of place even when I'm alone. I'm stuck with no plausible way to kill myself. "	sw
"If you do not need to work for money, what’s the point of having a job? Is it only personal fulfillment and the feeling of pride and accomplishment? Hypothetically, let’s say that your family has enough money for you and your siblings  to live off of a few hundred thousand per year each (before tax) without taking any money away from the principle. "	cc
Downloaded Facebook Data I spent about an hour browsing through my Facebook data to see what has been stored. I am filled with instant regret of so many embarrassing status posts and weird inbox conversations. lol Anyone else feel the same?	cc
"Is anyone around that can just talk? I am not in a good space mentally right now and as per usual, none of my friends are available to talk. I'm not going to go into it since this is not the subreddit for that.  I have basically nothing I can do at the moment to busy myself and like I said everyone else is gone, so if anyone has some time I'd just like to chat. A bit of a warning though, I'm not a one sentence type of person so I'm not very good on the small talk.  Feel free to come up with your own topics, however here are a few things I can chat for years about if you need anything. Cats, D&D, Robots, RPing, writing and Gunpla. Well, I can't fully elaborate on the Gunpla but I can try.  Edit: I have to head to bed now, it's 2am. But thank you all so much for talking to me :) I feel a lot better now. Feel free to leave messages, I will reply to them when I get home from work tomorrow. Don't worry, I won't leave you hanging!"	cc
"Favorite songs to sing? Singing is a casual fun hobby for me where I like to record myself and see how I improve over time, I've been having a lot of fun this year so far but I'm always looking for more songs to sing  Do you guys have any favorite songs for karaoke, or maybe even songs you just like to sing your heart out to in the car or in the shower haha  Regardless of whether you're a good singer or not I feel like it's always fun to sing along to certain songs, and it can be even more fun when you're with a group!"	cc
"Sorry if im in the wrong spot. Just a quick question. I suffer from depression and anxiety pretty severely and am thankful for a decent support system. I don’t want to end my life, but sometimes in my really dark nights I yearn to speak with someone anonymous just to get through a really rough few hours or something. Im curious if there is a hotline esque thing akin to the suicide hotline that is for what might be considered a “non emergency” relative to someone close to putting themselved in danger. I don’t necessarily need something immediately but if such a resource exists I would love to have it on deck. Again i am sorry if this post does not fit here and will remove it if need be. Thank you to everyone and im sending my love. "	sw
"I don't know what to fucking do!!!! ok. Let me start by saying my hand writing is bad and that is because I am fucking incapable of doing anything right ok. my brain is completely on fire! It feels like I have all these issues fucked together and know way of know how to express them. I can't seem to fully understand what is wrong with me, I feel like a 5 year old in the body of a 15 year old, I have basically 0 friends, my family does not understand me to the point where I am breakdowns because I am so tired of being misunderstood but like I said I don't know how to explain myself. I have been diagnosed with adhd but I am pretty sure I have OCD and BPD and probably more because I'm so fucked up. I'm also in high school and I just wan't to be normal. have friends, be smart, have hobbies and interests, confidence in myself, socialist etc.. but I can't and I feel like positivity is just being unrealistic, I can't take this anymore each and every day is hell. I doubt anyone here will be able to really help me and I understand that sadly I'm basically unfixable. killing myself is becoming more and more on my mind. anyway thanks 4 reading this I know its horribly written but idc anymore lol. "	sw
"Do you think rappers from the 90's regret putting the year in their lyrics so often? How long did they think it would be cool that it was 1994 anyway?                 Hey CharredBROWN! Unfortunately, your post has been removed because it does not contain enough text in the text area. Please feel free to re-submit with further elaboration in the text area, or message the moderators if you feel your post was removed unjustly. Thank you! Include context!  I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns.  Fixed*"	cc
"How do you feel when go to bed and try to sleep. Its been long whenever I get to bed, I immediately start hating myself. I curse myself for the things I've done. For the things I couldnt do. I've even hit myself hard. I dont know why I do it but when I wake up I forget about all. "	cc
Sometimes i just want to be gone in this world. Tired of fighting. Doing the same human things everyday. 	sw
"I'm not sure what to do. I sought out help before from a therapist and have talked to friends, about me being suicidal. It didn't help at all. I tried to kill my self a couple of months ago and I honestly feel like I should've died. My life hasn't gotten better since that incident it's gotten worse and I'm afraid it's never gonna improve. I'm not sure how much longer I'm gonna hold on. "	sw
"Pulling myself out of depression, but can't figure out practical steps to take to meet the goals I've finally set. Can anyone help me sort through this? I've been battling a deep depression for several years now. It has sapped my energy and zest for life. I found myself watching TV, playing video games, not working, and not doing much else. I'm tired of living this way and have been implementing small changes (like a morning routine and mindfulness) to try and break out of this toxic rut I've been in. Now that I'm pulling myself out of this deep pit, I'm looking at what positive changes I can make in my life to find more satisfaction.  I know to some degree what things make me happy and what kind of life sounds ideal to me after a lot of time thinking about it, but for some reason, I have **no idea** how to take practical steps to make these things a reality. It sounds so simple; just look at the list, think of some steps to reach those goals, and then do them. But I feel paralyzed. That's where this post comes in. I'm hoping others can help me to see what tangible steps I can take to get me to a life I'd desire.  Here are the things I want and enjoy:  - I am a singer and my dream life involves going to lots of concerts, festivals, and potentially performing at venues (though I'm incredibly shy and uncomfortable with the performance aspect). Heaven to me is being at a concert.  - I am a shy extrovert, so I would like to put myself in a position to be more social and to build more fulfilling relationships.  - I don't prefer being indoors or at home. All of my favorite activities involve being outdoors in a laid-back, casual setting like a bonfire, a concert, a bbq, etc. I don't really know how to create these environments for myself though, especially when I've been as lazy and socially anxious as I have been lately. I'm pretty isolated and don't have a lot of friends at the moment. Plus I'm scared to host events because I am so worried about people enjoying themselves or thinking I'm weird/boring/etc.  - I want to start preparing meals. I enjoy cooking but I tend to see it as a chore, especially when I know I could be doing something more immediately stimulating like watching a show or playing a game.  - I want to learn to be grateful. I've found that a lot of my unhappiness boils down to a constant state of comparison that eats at my self-esteem. I am always looking for a way to be ""happier"" or ""better,"" which serves me well in some cases, but ultimately can be a big problem when it comes to enjoying where I am already.  - I want to learn to handle the physiological feelings I get when I have a negative thought or emotion. Usually, I can handle the thoughts themselves, but the sensations in my body overwhelm me and result in panic.  - I want to be kinder and warmer to my fiance; to treat him as my teammate instead of an enemy when I'm feeling bad, to respect him, and to enjoy my time with him.  - I'd like to start exercising to take better care of my body when it comes to health, but I absolutely hate doing it. Have always hated physical exercise for some reason, even in elementary school. Practically failed gym class, lol.  - I'd like to take care of myself when it comes to how I look. One big thing I've given up on is doing my hair and makeup, but not doing it has made me feel pretty bad about myself.  - And last but not least, I'd like to start seeing the world as a positive place again. I'd like to learn to trust myself, other people, and ultimately God again and to see things through a less cynical and pessimistic light.  So as you can see, I have some goals, but they're all pretty **large and vague**. I don't know how exactly to implement them. I also struggle with attention issues and executive functioning, which makes it difficult for me to stick to a schedule.  **TL;DR** I am pulling myself out of depression. Above is a vague list of my goals, but I am having a hard time finding ways to actually implement them in my real life. Can you help me figure out steps to make these goals a reality?"	cc
"Let's talk books Like the title says, let's talk books. What's your favorite book? Whats been the best book you've read lately? What are you reading now? I'm in the mood to discuss literature--engage me :)"	cc
"It's A Very Small World! So, I just got home from work. I took an Uber ride home and I'm having this great conversation with the driver.  He's talking away about the housing market, when all of a sudden he stops.  He turns round and he asks me ""Hey man, did you used to make videos on YouTube way back when?"". As it turns out, I did a few years back. ""Yeah man, I did. Why?""  He proceeds to tell me about a rough time in his life where he ended up with an ankle tag after making a mistake.  I won't go into details.  But, essentially, his girlfriend bought him a video game to keep him occupied and I happened to make videos on that specific title. He sucked at it, so he looked up videos on YouTube for tips. He ended up watching every single video I ever made (that's 150). I apparently helped him get out of his slump and it looks like he's doing great!  You know the amazing thing about this? I had 300 subscribers.  This whole situation was a 1/26,666,666~.  Absolutely crazy random chance meeting and it really made my day :)  Have you guys ever had a situation like this?"	cc
"Meeting up with old friends (#93) ^^^^I'd ^^^^like ^^^^to ^^^^state ^^^^that ^^^^I ^^^^started ^^^^writing ^^^^this ^^^^before ^^^^midnight ^^^^so ^^^^ha  Today me and five friends from high school met up for the first time together in over a year. When I was in high school I became really close with a group of girls who were a year ahead of me and they're really the only people from my high school I keep in touch with (despite going to such a small school where everyone knew each other). We're always so busy though so it's hard to get everyone together. We were meeting for dinner at an hip Italian food place which I originally wasn't excited for because I've had Italian food too often than I'm not interested in it.  Anyway, so I worked out at school before I met up with any of them and I was going to meet up with one person around noonish. When I called her it turned out we were on complete opposite sides of Manhattan. So instead of being smart and picking a spot to meet up at we decided to walk along an avenue until we found each other. This entailed a lot of back and forth and phone calls asking ""where are you"" until I finally told her don't move and I'll come to you. We then went to get food and had awesome bacon burgers and then we walked through Central Park.  In the park we went up and down so many paths and eventually got near the area where I always practiced for cross country so I showed her around there. We started at the south east corner and when we were finally leaving the park we were at the north west corner (and it was fun with how we left because I didn't feel like looking for a path that actually would leave out the park and so we climbed down a hill to one of the exits instead).  Then we took the subway down to around China Town and walked uptown to get ice cream at a place that makes ice cream rolls. Then we walked to The Strand book store (probably the biggest independent bookstore in Manhattan) and we walked around there for a while. I bought a couple of books, a pair of corgi socks, and an improv game.  Finally it was around the time we were supposed to meet everyone so we waited at a park and collected our group then went over to the Italian food place. It was hard to find seating for all six of us but we managed to get a table and then when we got our food (it was a counter-service style place, not a normal Italian restaurant) the chef was super chill and making jokes with us as she prepared our food. The food was so much better than I was expecting. We all talked and talked for a while since it's been so long since most of us had seen each other. We started playing the improv game (it's called Human Beings if you're curious) and we had a bunch of fun with that. Then we got desert at a gelato place (I got hot chocolate since I love that and I already had ice cream earlier in the day). While we were just chilling on a bench outside the gelato place I did one of my trademark activities with my friends which is: read passages of a book that are totally normal in a really seductive voice. That is always fun and turns into a wild ride. We then realized it was 10pm and passed some of our bedtimes (we're old ladies despite all being 21-23) and so we headed for the subway. Only one of my friends lives near me so she took the train all the way with me and then my dad dropped her off at home instead of having her wait for the bus she had just missed.  It was so fun catching up with all of my friends. Even though we have diverse interests (and I personally cannot mention my political opinions around them since they differ so much) we all love and support each other and are all amazed by what everyone is doing. We were all the nerds in high school and still have maintained ourselves well as the years have gone on. We can have such long and deep conversations about basically anything and it's awesome. We're all entering actual adulthood now with everyone graduating/going into grad school/getting full time jobs and it's so crazy how when we all became friends our biggest worries were tests and papers. They're a really good friend group and I hope to never lose them.  What was the most you ever walked in a day?  Do you have any weird talents? (like me and the reading of the books)  Ever go to a place to eat with really low expectations and end up surprised with how good the food was? or vice versa?  Can you get along with people who have differing views on things than you do?  ---  ^^This ^^is ^^post ^^#93 ^^out ^^of ^^~~365~~ ^^360something ^^with ^^my ^^goal ^^to ^^have ^^a ^^conversation ^^on ^^here ^^every ^^day ^^of ^^2018. ^^Feel ^^free ^^to ^^comment ^^on ^^anything ^^I've ^^said, ^^answer ^^my ^^questions, ^^or ^^just ^^talk ^^freely ^^about ^^yourself ^^even ^^if ^^it ^^doesn't ^^relate ^^to ^^the ^^post. ^^I'm ^^here ^^to ^^chit ^^chat.  ^^It's ^^been ^^[20] ^^days ^^since ^^I ^^last ^^missed ^^a ^^post"	cc
"Do yall feel like life gets surreal when you're sick? I've got a mean bout of the flu for the last few days and I feel like I'm sort of dissociating every day. Food feels like literal human fuel, I went to call my girlfriend by her name and it just felt so odd. That she had a name. And is a person. And I'm a person with a name.  I swear I don't habe a fever, I just get really weird when I'm sick.  While we're on the topic of getting sick: I'm a teacher (English teacher in a foreign country) and the school I work for doesn't really appreciate me taking any sort of sick leave. I only got one day, that I was really bad and could barely stand, but yesterday and today I went. I feel like it's bad not to go to work when you feel good enough to go, but its a bit worse to go with a contagious disease and maybe get my students sick, so I don't know.  this is my first job too so I don't know anything, clearly.  ok yeah that's enough ranty topoic-y stuff for now."	cc
"I Want To Be Dead I am 21 years old and have been dealing with suicidal thoughts since around middle school. I dropped out of high school in the beginning of my 11th grade year for a few reasons, one of them being that I was planning on killing myself soon after. It has been about 4 years since then; I have been hospitalized for mental health reasons twice in that time. There is so much that I could write about, and I find no *real* reason not to write about as much as I can. What's the worst thing that can happen -- nobody reads it?  I'm so young, there are so many things that I can do with my life -- so why is it that I want for it to end so badly? I believe in my ability and my strength to get better and to be better, yet it doesn't seem to matter to me all that much. Sure, right now I'm not in such a great spot. I'm experiencing agoraphobia-level anxiety, severe apathy, and I stopped taking my prescription medications some weeks ago because I got frustrated with not feeling any better after months and months of experimenting with different combinations prescribed by my psychiatrist. I stopped seeing my counselor, too.  I feel as if I were to kill myself any time soon, there will be people who blame the fact that I stopped treating my mental illness. It's frustrating, but I accept it. There may be people who will discount my suicide as irrational and/or impulsive. I believe there will be people who will question my sanity. It's all beyond upsetting, but I've been around long enough to know that preoccupying myself with what people think and say is a waste of time. I'm not in control.  So if I am sane and it's not the lack of medication, why do I want to kill myself?   It's kind of funny to me, really, how calm I am. I've thought about killing myself so much that it's normal for me. I'm not hopeless, I've just made up my mind.  I've made my decision that I want to be dead. Not because I think misery is inescapable, but because I think dealing with misery is inescapable. I've made the decision that I don't want to keep taking on all the things that life has to offer, not even for all the good things, because sometimes even the good things stress me out. I'm tired of being stressed out. I don't want to deal with it, I want to escape it. I already know I'm capable of dealing with stress in a healthy way, I just don't want to. I know that maybe with time, healthy coping mechanisms could become like second nature to me, it doesn't matter. I don't want to work at it. I don't. I'm tired. I'm tired of dealing with things. What I want is to *not* deal with things. Everything.  I still have things that give me joy. I still have things I want to do. I have places I want to go, things I want to make, books I want to read. I'm tired, though. I'm tired of being awake. I'm tired of wanting. I'm tired of doing. I'm tired of being.  To keep on living requires energy that I don't have. I don't want to be better. I want to be dead.  It doesn't matter what counselor I see or what medications I'm on. I will never get better if I never try, and I don't want to try anymore.  Committing suicide scares me, because I am scared of what comes after, both for me and the people who care about me. I am scared of failing to kill myself and destroying my body and/or mind. I am scared. I am scared of all the things that could be if I were to keep on living. But what scares me the most is what I will go through if I were to keep on living. I am scared of struggling, and I don't think I would ever believe that there can be a life for me without struggle.  I could learn to manage those fears. I could learn not to be so scared of the future and what it may bring. I could learn to avoid thinking about killing myself when I get stressed out. I could get better, I could be better, I could be healthier and I could be happier.   But I don't want that.   I want to be dead."	sw
"Hey, I could use some help with some ideas. I'm a Swedish student and I'm going the second to last year of my school until I graduate, and we are currently preparing for a big research project that's going to happen the last year.   For this project we get to choose what to do, what subject and what we are researching. I chose to do something with physics but my ideas so far have been terrible and I'm getting kind of desperate. Do any of you guys have any ideas on what me and my mates can research and measure? Preferably nothing to complex but still somewhat intermediate.   Any ideas are good, something is always better than nothing no matter how stupid you might think it is.   Thank you (maybe)"	cc
"It's back. I've tooken the route of confiding in this thread. My numbing depression is back in full force not to mention my anxiety. It took me months to improve on myself. However, I find myself back at square one. I no longer have any  meaningful friends anymore. I lost the two that meant the most.  One became toxic/disrespectful towards me and the other turned a blind eye to it. I couldn't let them be in my life any longer. In this bleak world. They helped me gain hope. Now that they are gone and that fact that I'm jobless...it sucks. Not to mention that jobs in my city are mostly hospitality. I can't fake a smile. People say I look older than I am. I've just lost my nativity and sense of hope in this world. When I was  alot younger. Hopefully things get better. *sighs*"	sw
"How's life going, what's new? Me personally, I've been reading this book called Wonder, which my little brother recommended.  I've also been waiting for acceptance letters from a few colleges that I applied to. I plan to attend college in the fall. I've been working for my Dad, and taking online classes, but I plan to drop the class because it's been hard to do all the work since I've been traveling during it. I have about 5 months before school starts, and I plan to continue working for my Dad and saving up money. I guess right now I'm just trying to figure out what I want to focus on in the coming months."	cc
Lethal Dose Of Methylphenidate or dexmethylphenidate? i have adhd add odd ocd and I'm severely depressed right now.  my father constantly hits me and yells at me even when im right about something or trying to help him with something. noone loves me and i have ZERO friends. i used to find joy in this game i still play called war thunder. but my shitty laptop is getting worse and worse and cant maintain anything above 15 fps on minimum settings and used to get around 30-40 but its also partially the developers faults for putting in a new graphics engine. but enough about that and more about me. i find NO joy in anything anymore. and have thought about opening up to someone about my depression and suicidal thoughts. i have half opened up about it b4 to my dad but he just screamed at me and beat me all day that day. called me selfish for wanting to KMS and shit like that. im just wondering what you would do in my situation? 	sw
Here we go again Ok so I’ve been depressed for so long. My depression came back after only like 4 months at uni and it all went downhill. My gender issues cropped up again - questioning if I was transgender. It’s hard enough dealing with depression while at uni - let alone thinking you might be trans and having to transition. Anyway I jumped off a bridge 11 March and have been in hospital ever since. I’m still so depressed and now I’m extra depressed about my injuries. I’m still able to walk and hopefully my bladder and bowels will get back to normal. It’s horrible - I feel so trapped. I feel like there’s nothing to leave hospital for and I dread being in the outside world so much. I actually can’t stand being seen and it’s been a constant problem for me. Now every time I wake up I’m reminded of my attempt and also the uncertainty of whether my bowels and bladder will get back to normal is eating away at me. Im so depressed I feel like damaging my chances of physical recovery. My time in this hospital is nearly over. I have nothing to recover for. Everything is so painful. I was sure I would die and wouldn’t survive and so I neglected everything. Everything is getting to me now - trienfships I’ve neglected - the fact I cant go back to uni this year. I didn’t even want to. The urge to die is overwhelming. Loneliness is killing me. Even though I have people that could maybe visit I can’t face them. I honestly either want to die or just nap all day and not face my issues. I’m so so tempted to end it. I can’t keep on like this. Me surviving has changed nothing about my outlook and I’m just as pessimistic as ever. I still feel like my situation is terrible. And now I have the added stress of physical recovery. I’m so alone. I have no motivation and I can’t keep pretending I can stay in hospital forever but I feel it’s either kill my self in here or as soon as I’m out. All I can think about is ending my life and now things are getting so bad I feel like I need to. I miss my friends but I can’t reach out to them because I wanna die. Every day I wake up and just count down the hours until I can kill myself. I don’t want to ever be in the outside world again or basically start anything again. I’ve given up hope but I stay here and idk why  	sw
"A question about ‘bucket lists’ I’m sure everyone here knows what I mean by a bucket list (a list of activities/experiences/goals) that you would like to achieve/complete before you ‘kick it’.   Personally I don’t keep a list, however if asked I could write most down (those that I remember) however I don’t have a penned list anywhere where I’m actively checking things off.  Do any of you guys keep a list? What sort of things are on yours? :)"	cc
"Yesterday was my daughters 4th birthday party.. We had a really cute party that was trolls themed and all our friends with little kids came. My husband and I think it’s super important to celebrate the crap out of her day bc when she was born, i almost died. She arrived 8 weeks early, spent 4 weeks in the NICU and i was sick for about 7 months after. So yesterday when we were singing happy birthday i was standing with her and she looked at me, and smiled this smile i have never seen... it was almost a “ yup here we are.. we made it.. “ I thought my heart was going to explode. "	cc
"I jumped, but I missed. Hi.. In November 2017, I jumped from a 7 story bridge. I fell into the creek below and when I came to I swam to the side and laid in the mud for 4 hours until help arrived.   During the hospital stay, I thought everything had changed. I was grateful. It's been four months now and I am back to where I was before. I have tried many times to overdose.. suffocation. Then I jumped. I found a new way to kill myself online, I want to order poison under a false identity.   I have mental problems. I suffer from borderline personality disorder, depression, ptsd, and panic attacks. Not to mention that I now have a metal rod in my thigh from the incident and can not walk very far.   I don't know what to do. I just want these thoughts to stop."	sw
"What is the worst physical pain you have felt? I’m currently almost 32 wks pregnant and am so uncomfortable everyday. Between having to go to physical therapy for hip and pelvic issues, to UTIs and bad cervix pain, I feel so “bleh” these days.   I was thinking about how it could always be so, so much worse though, and now I’m curious. What is the worst physical pain you have been in? "	cc
"I Don't Want to Hurt Myself I don't really know where else to go our what else to do. I feel like I just need to tell someone how close I really am to taking my life. I am terrified I am going to hurt myself.  I live with crippling anxiety. Depression. PTSD.  After a few years of therapy, I was starting to do better. My depression and anxiety were almost gone. Just normal nervousness, something I could totally deal with.  Now I'm starting a new business while still working a full-time job. I am trying to balance a crazy work schedule, be a good husband, a good human to 2 dogs.  I have such a good life. My wife is so supportive. She came home from work the other day just to be with me (I work from home) because I was having a breakdown. She supports me through all of my crazy business ideas. She supported me going back to school. She is always there for me and I am terrified I am letting her down. How long can she possibly take this?   I wake up every morning drenched already in a panic attack.   I feel like I am letting down everyone around me. My current employer, who I am obviously no longer committed to and not putting all my effort into the job I NEED to pay my bills. I am letting down my business partner because I can't always be at our brand new office because I need to put the hours into my job that pays my bills. I am letting down my wife and dogs, who I am neglecting by working 20 hours a day. I am letting down my parents who I never call, or see.  I feel like I am living my dream, starting a new business I am passionate about, with a partner who is already very successful. I have such an amazing wife and family. I have great ""things"" even though I sort of live paycheck to paycheck.  I have no right to feel so depressed and negative. I have no reason to be on the brink of suicide. But I am.  I think about it constantly.  I spend my waking hours in or near panic state. I am constantly walking on eggshells. I vomit 3-5 times a day. My feet are sore from pacing for hours on end. My eyes are red and face is purple from vomiting constantly. I fractured a rib from vomiting.  I hold my Lexapro and Ativan in my hands several times a day and think that if I just took all of these, drank as much booze I could find in my home, and went to sleep maybe I just wouldn't wake up.  How could I do that to my wife? I couldn't imagine her finding me that way.  I know she is scared I will kill myself. She told me the other day that she didn't know what she was going to come home to find.  I am closer than I have ever been before to actually killing myself.  I made an appointment with my therapist for Wednesday morning, but that means I have to neglect both of my jobs for at least 2 hours. I have to leave my house which I am terrified to do. AND I have to make it to Wednesday.  I really don't know what to do anymore. I just want the pain to be over. I can't live like this anymore."	sw
"Confused about grad school and life in general Today I got accepted into a very prestigious American university for a graduate healthcare degree. I didn’t think I was going to get in, but I actually got accepted with a scholarship. Even with the scholarship though, it’s very expensive.   My wife and I are very economically conservative despite having high paying jobs in our mid 20s. That being said, we can pay entirely for the degree (it’s part time so I don’t have to quit my job) using my take home salary alone over the next two years while still paying all of our bills and putting money into a savings account. No loans required.   I applied to this program because I wanted my career to have a chance at being meaningful.  I’m young, but working in healthcare technology is a very tangible way that I can see myself putting my skills to good use for the benefit of everyone. I currently work in an industry that I do not find meaningful/worthwhile. It pays the bills, but at the end of the day I’m really only serving myself by earning a paycheck. My work does not make anyone’s lives better (except maybe our shareholders). I’m afraid if I stay in this line of work, I will wake up and 30 comfortable years will have gone by and I’ll have made zero contribution to society.   However, my wife thinks the degree is too expensive. I’ve analyzed our financial situation a hundred different ways, and barring any unforeseen drastic changes in our job status or lifestyle (knock on wood, you never know), we can afford this degree. Our savings account won’t be skyrocketing during it but we can afford it with no loans. We both attended a school for undergrad on a significant scholarship and worked all through college, so we have zero debt at the moment.   I know it’s expensive. But I’ve been thinking about it a lot, that if I WERE to get accepted, what would I do?   I believe that those who are able to help out humanity, in whatever way, should do their part. I believe we have been very blessed - to have no student debt, good jobs, and for me to have gotten accepted into a grad program I never thought I could get into. I believe we are able to do this, and that I can make a difference in someone’s life somewhere by pursuing this degree. I think that makes it worth it.   Am I crazy for thinking this? At the end of my career I want to have made an impact, to have helped others. I want to leave the world a better place when I die than it was when I was born. There are so many pain points in the American healthcare system. This is an industry that needs innovation and I want to be a part of that effort.   Am I being too idealistic here? Maybe too proud? Am I thinking I’m “noble” and “heroic” for wanting to do this, or do you think my heart is in the right place? I would really love to hear anyone’s thoughts. I really need some insight here. I have to make my decision very soon.   And please be as painfully honest as you can. You will NOT hurt my feelings even if you tell me I’m an idiot. I promise.   "	cc
"Lonely and Running Out of Hope I've been depressed for several years now, and suicidal ideation isn't new for me. Recently though it's moved past ideation into thoughts that have the same theme: you aren't making it through this, and the few people who do care about you are going to be relieved if you just shut up and end it.  Over and over I tell myself my life is no longer worth living. I have a chronic illness that is painful and will most likely end in my death - not quickly or swiftly but agonizing pain that slowly ends in my loss of independent function entirely.  Because of the nature of this, because of practical matters of day to day life, all of my friendships are a pale imitation of what they once were. My family tries to help, but they lose patience quickly now and have lives of their own.  I did try talking to one of my parents about my mental state, and clearly said I was thinking of killing myself. Any response that would've helped (""I love you, please don't think that way, how can we help, let's get you some help ASAP, we care, you'd be sorely missed, talk to me."") remained unsaid, probably because they aren't true. Any of those things would've helped. A fucking hug would've helped. Anything indicating empathy, sympathy, love, caring, concern - **anything** would've helped. The response I did get was so ludicrous that it deepened my dismal hopelessness.  I don't know what to do anymore. I really don't. Part of me doesn't want to die, but it's an increasingly small part. The life I have? What's it worth? Endless pain and suffering with no one to confide in? Not much. Not much of anything."	sw
"Nobody fucking cares before you have actually done it but then, it's too late to care anyways. Care for one fucking time, ignorant dicks"	sw
"Think I should kms before I hurt others Sick and tired of people treating others like shit. I hate my own family, my mother always says I'll miss her when she's gone but secretly I would love that. I can't be myself without people bothering me. When people think of abuse they think of just physical. They normalise verbal abuse. All I need to do to ruin others lives is handicap them, ruin their pretty faces, spread rumours and everyone will stay away from them. It works. Much better than killing them if u ask me. I never say anything back to those who mess with me. I put on a mask and pretend to be the nice girl."	sw
"My step brothers are here and I wanna be occupied. We can talk about pretty much anything, as I really only have my guitar and my pc, but not enough privacy to call someone or practice guitar loud enough."	cc
"Gonna do it soon I don't even know wh I'm posting this. Attention, probably  Anyway, I already ordered some highly toxic seeds on ebay (colchicum autumnale, aka meadow saffron) that should arrive in 5 or 6 days. Soon this will all be over. I'll make a final post once I recieve and consume them.  Until then, do what thou wilt "	sw
I have to do a fake job interview for a highschool class. I don't want to take it very seriously. What are some interesting and unusual jobs people have?	cc
"I want to want to be alive I keep reading things trying to make myself change my mind but it's not working. Reading about suicide survivors and spending time with my family and shit. I really feel like I just wasn't built to last, if that makes any sense. I'm planning on killing myself towards the end of April. (Hey, at least I won't have to deal with finals lmao)"	sw
Life is really hard sometimes My anxiety and depression is so intense every day feels like forever. I tried and tried for years to beat it by doing things everyday that make me nervous like going to a store and driving. But it's not making my anxiety any better. I am now housebound where my depression is the worst. Therapy for years hasn't worked. I've lost all energy and I don't have a career. I dropped out of college with great grades due to anxiety. It has cost me so much of my life for so long. I'm very sad.	sw
DID you ever felt to come from another world and the only wAy to fell good is to shut up this life? ( sorry for my english) 	sw
"Anyone want to talk about music? Maybe I can help you discover new bands to like. I'm feeling a bit lonely tonight and want to talk about music. I mainly listen to metal genres, synthwave, italo-disco, eurobeat, and a scattering of 80s pop and rock singles."	cc
"I'm an arrogant prick and I'll never be better than that The only reason I ever got out of the gutter and tried to do something with my life was because one person figured I might be worth the effort. But now they're gone, and there's no one left with any expectations for me. I don't have anyone to make proud anymore.   And I've gotten so damn arrogant about it all too. I'm not a smart person, I'm not a hard worker, I'm not a charitable and responsible young adult. It's all a fucking farce, a scam. I bluffed my way through school. I'm completely unable to keep a partner satisfied without them cheating on me. I'm a piece-of-shit schizophrenic heroin addict, and I used it to get an advantage. I got leniency where I didn't deserve it, extra time on exams when I could have finished without it. All of these things I never earned. People think I'm clean and on medication, but I'm not. They think I'm working hard, but I'm not. I only help people so I can convince myself I'm a good person, and even then I'm shit at helping them. I'm a shit teacher, they're just all too polite to say it. I'm dragging myself along all day and convincing people that I'm somehow better than they are.   I'm not better or stronger. I can't keep pretending that I belong anywhere but in the ground. I was going to kill myself when I was 8 but just never got around to it, that's how unorganised I am. I was too curious; I wanted to see what would happen next. But I can't keep being curious because this game isn't fun anymore. I've made all of the moves I'm capable of making. Now I'm just prolonging things because I'm scared to die, and that isn't good enough. I knew this was coming, I've had 22 years on Earth to prepare for it.   I'm bored of the game and I think I'm done hurting people. "	sw
"I achieved a small milestone today Its tiny, but one of my tracks reached 10,000 plays today.  Please be happy for me."	sw
"I just applied for some local radio jobs in my area, and I feel really confident. I've been involved in college radio for a few years now, and I figured I had better apply for an actual radio job before the current semester ends. I've recently had some financial woes, and I'm ready to start earning again! I'm excited, and I hope I land a job that I can have lots of success in. I'm at a crossroad in my life, so this is a big step for me. I just wanted people to talk with, since I'm a bit on edge. Thanks!"	cc
"So many things... all of the things (plus a new computer) Went into the cities and, after a nerve-wracking drive through lots of traffic, I ended up spending $2,000 in one trip, but ended up getting a great setup.   Brought it over to my girlfriend's place, where we just ended up having an argument about our usual bullS***. But it's whatever. I have a new computer to build.  I am going into town to hopefully pick up a pair of Blue-Light Everyday Glasses for working on computers, and then it'll be a relaxing day after that. Woohoo"	cc
"I’m about to mess everything up And a part of me doesn’t care because it would give me more of a reason to kill myself. I’m drowning, and it’s only a matter of time before I’m dead. "	sw
Do you think artistic ability can be learned? I want to start a hobby. I'd love to learn to draw or paint but wonder if that's something that can be learned. I have ZERO artistic ability and have always envied those who do. 	cc
"I am bored, I would like to converse with you fine people. How are you all doing tonight? I will start with something about myself. I have just become ordained to perform marriages!  Feel free to talk about whatever you want. Ask me questions about myself, ask me for advice, just talk about your day. Whatever you want! I'll be here all night!"	cc
"I finally reach a point that I want to kill myself but haven't because I haven't found a painless way to do it yet. I am 26 years old illegal immigrant struggling in the U.S, I thought things were going to turn up but now things keep stopping from wanting to achieve my dreams. I feel alone and I dont even want to talk to my mother about this because it would crush her. The last couple of days have started to really drag my morale down and I feel like actually killing myself. I havent done it yet because I am a punk when it comes to pain. I am just rambling at this point but I just made a throw away just so I can talk to a bunch of faceless redditors. "	sw
"I'm now starting to think that lucid dreaming isn't really a thing So last night I had a pretty intense dream (like you do sometimes), but half way through I remember realizing it was a dream. It was a super casual moment too, but that's not what was my problem was. My problem was that after realizing I was in a dream, I tried to control it. I remember thinking to myself to try and change something, but I couldn't. I thought that was pretty strange before just forgetting about it and moving on in the dream. Anyways, I'm starting to think that lucid dreaming, rather, being able to control your dreams isn't real. This hasn't been the only time this has happened either. I've had a couple different dreams where I've realized I was dreaming, but I even tried to control my dream this time. So what's your guy's opinions on lucid dreaming?"	cc
"I’ll recommend you three songs! I’m trying to make this a regular thing, because music is awesome and I love sharing it with people. Anyways, tell me how your day’s going, what you’re up to, what you like, (anything really), and I’ll recommend you three songs! "	cc
"Starting to not care how much pain my parent will feel if I kill my self. Had a really traumatic childhood. Sexually abused by older sister who also happens to be the pride and joy of our family.  Both parents and especially dad were very verbally and physically abusive.  Now I’m older and I’ve learned they didn’t know any better, and I forgive them, but the wounds and pain are still there.  The only thing stopping me from killing my self before was I didn’t want to cause my mom any pain. I used to say once my mom is gone, I will kill myself.  My parents don’t believe me when I told them how my sister used to abuse me. I’m not one to lie or make things up, and who makes up something like that?  Now I’m thinking of jumping off a bridge on the morning of my sister’s b-day.  Maybe then they will understand how painful it is to go through life being the victim of childhood trauma and then on top being rejected by your own immediate family.  My mom had a very rough life. Schizophrenic dad. Epileptic brother. My dad picks on her non stop. She is in her 60’s and takes care of my 90 year old grandmother. My death would destroy her... but I can’t take the pain anymore and she was never there for me before, so why should I hang on for her?    "	sw
"Talking about Suicide on Social Media So my primary account on Reddit got suspended a few days ago because I was talking about suicide (someone reported it to the admins), I talked about it because I feel like there is no one in this damn world who will even listen to me (""free"" therapist was a bust, suicide hotlines don't help me at ALL), and so when I got my account suspended I deleted it... 400k karma, 4 years of interacting with people.. and then I go onto Twitter to rant about it.. and GUESS WHAT? Also suspended!   Here's a hint to social media: When I talk about it and I get suspended, suspending me/banning me is not going to make me think about it LESS. It just reinforces that no one wants to hear my stupid shit of feeling worthless and wanting to just kill myself even more. So thank you Reddit and Twitter for reinforcing that my entire existence is worthless!   What am I supposed to do anyways? I have been told now SIX times in two years that I do not qualify for Medicaid in the state of Oklahoma (thanks local government and Trump), which means I can't afford better care, better meds for my anxiety, depression, bipolar, ptsd, fibro, etc.. which also means I can't see a proper psychologist .. which means if I don't get the care I need and PROVE I have these issues, I will get denied again for disability when my hearing for social security is next month.. plus there's no chance in hell I'll be able to see my kids again (also been almost two years).. and I've had tell me I should set up a crowdsourcing campaign (like GoFundMe), but why should I expect OTHERS to help me? Why should I resort to begging? I'm not worth anyone's time, period. People don't need to feel bad for me and I would be absolutely too ashamed to even ask for others to do anything for me.   What am I supposed to do? Just keep struggling with these issues and continue to get worse? "	sw
"I'm done. I'm done trying. I have a plan. I already lost everything in my life.... i already lost the girl I love.... i already lost literally everything..... people keep telling me to keep trying, every time I do it gets worse, there's nothing to try for that doesn't exist. Nothing exists for me in the long run, nothing for me to try anymore. I've already done it all. What is there for me to do besides sit here and suffer.... it's like a dog with cancer, you have 2 options.... put him down to stop him from suffering in pain.... or let him suffer in pain and die that way all throughout his life.... that's where I'm at, and I want to choose to end my suffering. I'm done suffering in pain, I'm done sitting here wasting my time with nothing to get to. I NEED to kill myself. I absolutely do.     Update: Fuck this, I'm planning on killing myself tonight. She already threw me out completely, then say ""Ohhh I won't ever leave you"" then do that shit. I told her I'm done chasing after one who totally ""loves me"" to do that.    Update 2: I told one of my friends I was planning suicide, she got pissed and I said ""You used to say the same thing"" here's what went down.  https://imgur.com/a/ZBI4j"	sw
I keep saying that I want to kill myself but I know I'm not going to actually do it I've been really feeling crappy about my life in general. I just don't know how to climb out of the hole I'm in. I'm seeing a therapist about my ADHD and depression but I'm really scared to tell him about these thoughts because I feel like I'm going to get myself involuntarily committed. I know I'm not going to kill myself but the sentiment and ill feelings are real.  I'm trying to take life one day at a time but it's really hard to see beyond what's in front of me right now.	sw
"Hospitalization So, I'm about to voluntarily admit myself, I know when you arrive to an institute they take your pissesions and search you for anything that could be dangerous. I have piercings in my ears, gauges, and a nose piercing. I know they won't let me have the metal jewelry, but would they make me take them out if I put in plastic retainers in all of my piercings?  I'd also like to know a bit about what I should expect..."	sw
"Going through mind-numbing drudgery at the end of college B.tech. is about to get over this month. Finished my final year project, got it to work, submitted it as a paper to a conference (ICECA 2018, if you're interested).   Now all that remains is writing my report on it for the final review and SWEET MOTHER OF HADES IS IT BORING!  Kill me now. (Don't actually kill me, just talk instead)"	cc
"Free shipping is kinda mislabeling You're always paying for the shipping. If it's ""Free"" then in actuality it's just added to the price of the product. Shipping has to be paid, and with your money. The only exception is subscription services, where you pay a monthly fee. But, the thing is, if the average amazon customer, for example, spends more than $10 a month (cost of prime subscription) in ""free"" shipping... that cost, once again, has to be paid with money from sales.  Idk why I'm writing this I just get a little irritated when people are excited about free shipping. Nothing is free, you're just paying for it in a more roundabout way. In the end the shipping fee has to be paid with the vendors money, which they make off of you. That means higher expenses for the vendor which means they need to charge more to stay afloat."	cc
i need to kill oruselves its thne only way to wstop it. if itzs dead tehnw e cantkki l them and it cnt happeni m not a murjder if we die then iot wont be able to kill them i canthh ave them die they didnt nothing wrong nothign worth dyign fror	sw
"How's life treating you guys? Hey, currently volunteering at a museum but they haven't opened yet so there's no one here. Tell me something you're excited about or if you need a person to talk to "	cc
I am so tired of everything. I just want to end this shit. I wish i never existed in this place. I just want to drown in my  own blood. I can't overcome this. Just take my life and set me free. https://open.spotify.com/track/0rNUGUBibZ5yB3VAbjYEzN?si=rb0_Ib_bTdiAfwegkrbjHQ	sw
"Does anyone else answer ‘No’ to being asked if you’re suicidal or have had suicidal thoughts recently? Sorry if title is weird. It’s late and I’m typing this on my phone so I’m not very good at articulating.  Anyways some back-story: I’m 20F and have probably been suicidal since I was 16. I’ve been to a mental hospital once in high school and hated it, I went in for suicidal tendencies I guess, like I didn’t attempt suicide but I was afraid I would try something so I told my mom and she took me to a hospital which I was thankful for but at the same time it just wasn’t the best experience. I have a very supportive family especially my poor mother, just writing this out makes me cry because I put her through so much and she never asks for anything from me except that I live and I’m trying really hard just for her. Ugh okay back to my main point sorry.   Recently I’ve noticed that during my therapy appointments I find it easier to just say I’m not suicidal or have no suicidal thoughts, but this isn’t true at all. In fact I think my suicidal thoughts are returning at full force and there’s no one I can tell except strangers on the internet. I want to tell someone in my life what’s happening but I’m afraid I’ll get pulled out of college and referred to a mental hospital. This can’t happen again considering I took a year off for my mental health last year.   I really want to talk to my therapist about what’s going on but I’m really worried that as soon as I mention the thoughts she’ll pull me out, is that what happens? If I do tell her I’m struggling and suicidal can she really just snap her fingers and have me sent away?? I know she wouldn’t but I feel like I have to be careful with what I say. I don’t know what to do but I don’t want to leave college again, I just want to finish out the year that’s all I want.  Thank you for reading "	sw
"I have my second driving class this morning! So I’m 25 and I still don’t have my license yet. I guess I’ve always been super intimidated by driving. But over the past six months or so I’ve been really itching for that freedom so I got my permit and recently began taking classes! I know getting a license is something most teenagers do but this is such a huge step for me, and I’m pretty proud and excited :)"	cc
"i give up This is what i wrote a month ago to a friend:  have you ever been crushed? i mean that in every sense of the word, having every last dream be taken away from you. some because of your sheer fucking incompentence and some because this is how life is? absolutely fucking nothing you do going well. your entire life being a trail of failuire with not even the slightest shadow of success. feeling like a worthless piece of shit living for no reason, writing shit in a journal or notepad or whatever the fuck just to not bother others with your senseless bullshit that noone cares about or can understand. not truthly caring about a single person because every time you do they get taken away. waking up for no reason only to repeat the same shit you did 100 days ago, the monotony of it all eating away at you and yet you somehow find a beacon of hope, a new dream. and then you fuck that up too so badly you don't even know if you should get out of bed because what's the fucking point anyway. staring blankly at something every 5 minutes because now only your own toughts can entertain you but everything you think about is depressing. wasting all your talents because of course you do, why wouldn't that happend. knowing that next morning when you wake up all you're going to think about is how fucking long is this thing gonna take to kill me and how much will i suffer before then and is it worth it cutting things short. depression is at the 9th ring of hell and it's going down with humanity. now i have to ask myself... is it even worth pressing enter  now i just said fuck it and i'm going to go with my plan. once i get to 18 years old i'll write a testament that gives all my assets (a 45k euro apartment) to a girl i love that completely ignores me. why her? i don't know, nor do i care anymore, it's the same thing giving it to anyone else. anyway, after that comes the sharpest knife i can find, subclavial artery, unconsciousness in 20 seconds, death in less than 50. you can leave comments and opinions but leave the ""light at the end of the tunnel"" bullshit out, it really doesn`t do anything other than to clog up the comments"	sw
What’s been your favourite date ever? Mine would be when we went to play zone!   We’re both young and he’s quite the type that enjoys activity based dates so this was amazing for him. I wasn’t too keen on the idea but then we played tag within play-zone and it ended up being a really fun night.   :)	cc
"My new best friend is 4 and I’m 44. My roommate has visitation with his 4yo daughter twice a week. He refused to introduce her to his girlfriend friend, but he’s fine with me (I’m female). I never had children, so I’m getting my kid fix with her. It’s amazing.   She’s so funny and sweet. Today we gave her Easter baskets. Then went outside to blow bubbles and draw on the driveway with chalk. Then she wanted to climb the small boulders on my property.   Her dad and I helped her on and off about a dozen different rocks. Suddenly she looks at me and says, “You’re my best friend. I love you!”  My heart melted.   I can’t wait to see her next week. I’m going to be so bummed when I go back to work (medical leave) and I don’t get to spend as much time with her. I’m having a ball. And the unconditional love is pretty good too. "	cc
"I live in the northeast, and I'm pretty much convinced that January through March are the shittiest months of the year, but the remaining 9 months are good! What do you think?   I kinda broke it down like this. April is when the weather starts getting consistently nice, spring is nice for being outside, Summer's great because it's warm and that allows for being outdoors a lot, swimming, hitting the beach, etc. Fall is nice because of football season and the fact that days are still pretty nice at first, and by then it feels nice to switch it up a little bit. November and December are okay solely because a little cold after 7 or so months of fairly warm isn't a terrible thing, and you have holidays like Thanksgiving, Christmas, New Years, Etc.   January through march though, there just really isn't much to offer on the table!"	cc
"Mental illness destroyed my future, I have quite literally nothing left to live for. My brain keeps dissociating from everything. Lately I've been losing my memories and consciousness. I'm failing high school because I can't remember anything. I can't focus. Doctors don't know what's wrong with me. My meds don't work. My therapist doesn't know what to do either.    I wanted to make my parents proud. I wanted to be happy, but it's just getting worse and worse. Reddit, I tried so hard, but I can't live with myself like this."	sw
help i’m an idiot and i want to go to sleep I poured really hot olive oil over my hand while cooking and if i don’t cool it it hurts like hell. i want to go sleep but i don’t want to take the frozen raspberries to bed with me what do i do? i don’t have any painkillers unfortunately 	cc
"Every single goddamn thing wrong in my life This is a very long jumble of text. I just feel like my whole life, things have just built on top of each other. I don't even think a single therapist has heard all of the shit I think about. I feel like everything in my life haunts me. And nobody takes it seriously because I need to hit rock bottom first. I don't seem like I need help because I have gotten okay at covering it up. But people around me know I feel this way. It just seems like I am not broken enough for help. But I am. I grew up in a family of four. My parents are immigrants. I have an older brother. He has severe autism and I think my dad expects me to take care of him after they are gone. I can barely take care of myself and I want to move out of the area which I could not with my brother. I don't know how I would hold down a job yet pay someone to take care of him and take care of myself. It means the rest of my life would be dedicated to my brother, not me. I couldn't get married. I am already scared to have kids in case they are autistic. The cultural gap in my family is hard. My mom struggling with bipolar disorder, anxiety, and depression while insisting on no treatment meant hell for my childhood. 7 year old me spilling a glass of milk meant I got screamed at for the rest of the day. Banshee screaming about how I am a waste of space, stupid, worthless, etc. This goes on for hours in stages. If you say anything, it starts again. My mom has threatened my dad with a knife. She refuses to take any medication. In one of her episodes, she took me and my autistic brother to a homeless shelter because she was convinced my dad was evil. My dad said he went after her as soon as he could but I think part of him wanted to just leave us there. I always prayed for the day my parents would get divorced. They were toxic for each other. My dad has severe anger issues. It just worsened throughout the course of my life. One time, he went to visit his family in India. I was seven and my mom was getting incredibly upset. She broke off a drawer in the kitchen and threatened to hit me with it, nudging it on my shoulder. I called 911 crying. The police officers came. My mom acted somewhat normal but said I was misbehaving. The drawer was on the ground, broken off. They said it was my fault because I misbehaved. They asked if my severely autistic brother was okay. And in that decision I made a choice. Because I heard what happens to people like my brother in the system. And my parents had money. She didn't hurt my brother but I realized that what my brother could potentially go through much worse in the governmental system. They asked if I had anywhere else to stay. I said no. They told me to go upstairs and lock myself there and gave me their number in case she did it again. I called my dad. All he said was ""did it work? Can we try that next time she is upset?"" Never asked if I was okay. I spent that weekend in fear. Just glares, snotty whispers, etc. Whenever I received less than an A, my mom would ignore me. After two days, she would start screaming. That would be a sigh of relief because it meant she would love me again by the end of the week. If she didn't, I was more worried. There were weekly arguments in my house between my parents. They would tell me to go upstairs and ignore them but I would foolishly ask them to stop. They did not care. They only cared about screaming at each other. My dad hates my mom but still cares about her. She had an abusive childhood and the alternative to her staying in our lives would be to be in a mental institution with stigma because she would be a divorced woman according to Indian society even though we live in America. My brother's autism means he can't say I love you. He wouldn't even know if I died. He has so many violent tantrums. He just hits himself repeatedly. He screams like a toddler except he's much much older. There have been so many nights in my life where I didn't sleep. All my grandparents passed away by the time I was 18 and a family friend. Those losses hit me hard. I've had anxiety for most of my life. I rarely socialized with people because my parents did not have time with me because of my brother. I was a freak. I got depression in 10th grade. My perfect record as a student was gone after that and I lost all motivation. My family in India thinks of my family as a black sheep so they all dislike me because I suffer from mental illness along with our family. They judge us but they haven't had to deal with mental illness. I mean who are they to judge. We went to India to see them, me and my father, and my uncle drunkenly said no one wanted you guys here but I convinced them to let you come. I've never felt so embarrassed in my life. We still had another week we were with them. My friend got raped when she was in college. I think she might hate me secretly. She had a girl she knew come over and they both got drunk. The other girl started puking and my friend started panicking. I told her to call two people she knew there. They didn't pick up and she said she was going to ask her neighbor across the hall for help. I didn't think twice and I said sure if you know him and you think he will help. She started calling me the next morning but I was tired of talking to her while she was drunk. She told me the next morning that she was raped by him. I've felt like scum ever since. Because I should have told her not to go. And my father had open heart surgery my senior year of high school. Just when I thought things would be going okay, I had to become an adult. I was depressed. Isolated. Barely any family came to help and I was seventeen. My uncle in the US came once a week to check in but no one was at the house full time. My mom was convinced my dad was faking and refused to help me or take responsibility. I started grocery shopping, driving my autistic brother to doctor's appointments, visiting my father at the hospital or wherever he was, I went to my part time job, and I started missing school. I would go in the morning, leave, and come back at the end of the day so it wouldn't count as an absence but an early dismissal. The attendance ladies knew me by name. My schoolwork started piling up. I couldn't see my friends because I had to be on call for my father or stay at the house for my mentally ill mother and brother. My dad had angry outbursts in public all the time but I was the one cleaning up the mess after him, convincing them he was harmless instead of a psycho. We also argue a lot. He tries to control me. He acts like he doesn't but he is slightly misyogynist. And he is unbelievably full of himself and at times displays little sympathy. He got so annoyed at me once while he was driving he hit me in the mouth while I had braces. It started bleeding so I screamed at him to take me to an ER because I was scared. He started arguing with me another day and I accidentally hit him between his eyes with a phone because I was trying to defend myself. I felt guilty hurting him and felt awful. I was just scared. I think I became sort of a monster. I started screaming and getting upset all the time. I would threaten violence or get very physical because I felt it was the only way to survive. On the day of my graduation, my dad and mom started screaming so I left for graduation in tears. My dad went because my friend's dad offered to drive him. He left halfway through and I waited half an hour afterwards to see if he would show up to congragulate me. He ended up going to dinner with the other dad and asked if I wanted to join him. All those empty promises from multiple family members saying earlier in my life that they would come stung. I ended up going to a school I wasn't going to go to because my dad thought it was more prestigious and it was closeish to home that I would be able to check up on the family. I hate it here. And I was so depressed and going home my first year, I failed to make friends. I am so lonely. And my dad said I could leave but then lied and said he didn't mean it so here I am in year 2. Still barely talk to anyone. My life should have been getting better, not getting worse. Now I can barely take showers. I don't have any motivation. I wasted two years of my life. My aunt and uncle live near me but they only talk when they need something. I have a car on campus. So they ask if I am going home one weekend to pick up some things. Or if could drive them to Walmart. Or if I can help them move. They left so late from their old apartment they slept in my dorm room so they wouldn't sleep in the lobby because I offered. But I know what they think of me. Because they never call otherwise. They claim it's because they do not want to disturb me but they know I don't have any friends. They told the people they were staying with that I wasn't their niece but I was a student driving them. I waited for an hr in the car eating fast food while they were packing up because I was only a student. I never even meet the people they are staying with. I sleep in a pile of trash everyday on my bed. Sometimes I don't sleep. Sometimes I sleep the whole day. Sometimes I miss all my classes. I wanted a sense of normalcy and instead I got this. I told 3 of my friends that I felt hopeless. But none of them take me seriously. I had one therapist tell me that I probably will not commit suicide so why bother talking about it. I told another at college but she said I am resistant to change and in that moment she was my last hope. I almost bought charcoal to kill myself but instead I cried the whole day and missed my classes instead. I am tired of keeping up this fake happy facade. I was only doing it for my brother. But it's getting too much now. I am doing all of the things you are supposed to do but it never seems like enough. "	sw
Intrusive thoughts of dying Lately whenever I’m alone I get really intense thoughts of dying. Sometimes by suicide or by causing an accident myself. I recently messed up a friendship pretty bad and I feel immense guilt over it.	sw
"Alone in the world I never thought that I'd be that person. But I've become that person. The person who truly has nothing and no one to live for, no friends, no motivation. I often jokingly say I want to kill myself, but only half joking, because there will always be a disturbing truth to that statement. I push people away and I've attempted to kill myself before. I don't even have the motivation to finish this post really. I just needed someone to know that I'm not kidding, not fucking around anymore. I've already started cleaning up social media and such, and nobody even notices. I just want someone to care and I'm afraid that even if I try to kill myself and don't succeed, people won't even care. They won't even care if I do. I am worthless."	sw
"Does it actually get better? I've tried so hard to be better. I went to college, I managed to pass a semester, but its not what I want to do. I suck at what I want to do. I've always been terrible at science, but I wanted to be a vet, I wanted to help people and animals, but I just cant pass science class. I'm just too stupid to do what I really think I was meant to do. I don't want to work another poitnless job, that only helps a company make more money, but I am just too stupid to do what I want. I should die. I need to die. I'm a useless thing and I need to die. Why can't I just die?"	sw
"A saxophone is just a metal seahorse. A saxophone is just a metal seahorse. Change my mind.  Seriously. Someone just saw those little dudes and was like ""what if I make one out of metal."""	cc
"Lost, confused, and finished The only thing stopping me from killing myself is the stigma that would surround my family for the rest of their lives after my death. I have no real passion in life, feel like I am headed nowhere, and ultimately feel entirely trapped by everyone that knows me and everyone around me. I only care for three people, one of whom is likely going to be gone from my life within the year and I will likely only seldom talk to. I cannot stand this life any longer, and I feel utterly lost and hopeless every single day. I want the torment to end, I want to be happy, and I want to feel the joy that thousands of those my age are feeling. Sadly, I feel as if I can't.  Thanks for reading my emotional regurgitation."	sw
"How did you figure out what you’re passionate about? Been feeling a bit down recently because I’ve realised I don’t have any real hobbies that I’m passionate about. My incredible boyfriend is really into baking, photography and knitting but I’m struggling to realise what my passion is.   How did you get into your hobby? "	cc
"Anyone here play Astroneer? So I really love gaming (it's pretty much the only thing I do outside of school...) and was wondering if anyone else beyond r/Astroneer plays the game.  In my opinion it's a very fun and well-made game that has a lot of promise, but still has a good amount of content (whereas others may bee promising but lack content).  I guess I also wanted to just share this game with other people, since it's (probably) my all-time favourite game."	cc
"Hi guys. I'm going to bed.. ...But basically, I have a very stressful thing to do tomorrow, and I'd love to see some interesting messages awaiting me in the morning. This might be a dumb idea, and it may not even work out, but here's your topic-what do you think about AI? Is it possible for them to take over, or is their limit in the coding they're given? Can't wait to see your opinion! (I'll try to reply to messages in the morning, but otherwise, g'night.)"	cc
"I just received an email from my brother, sent to all four siblings and their spouses, about a 3 day 2 night family get-away, fully paid by my mother. Doesn’t that sound lovely?  Except it’s Sunday- Tuesday, and guess what?!  My husband and I work those days. And we don’t have enough vacation to put towards that. Oh, and I’m the only sibling that moved away, and my brother chose a place just a bit farther for me to drive, but more convenient for the others. An hour drive tops for them. Though a mere 20 minutes for the brother that found this great location. It would be about four hours for me.  Each way.   I want to be with my family. We are all getting older, and Mom will some day be gone, (she’s 92) so I understand the importance she puts on having everyone together. I have driven to see her for an overnight stay, or two, every month for the last 25 years. I’m making an effort to be physically a part of the family.    When a family event is planned that is easy for most everyone else (only one other person works a Monday-Friday job. Others are retired or self-employed )....  Well. It hurts. It really hurts.   Maybe someone can help me see this more clearly. But I’ve been crying off and on about this for a day. I feel the planners -my mother and the one brother- didn’t even give a single thought for me.  "	cc
"got my gun Long story short I finally got a gun and now I’m pretty much ready to kill myself. I’ve got a bottle of vodka so I don’t feel when I go away. In my final moments I just want someone to talk to. I feel like a burden on all of my friends and I can’t stand being a disappointment to people anymore. Even worry now about what people will think of this post even though it’s my last. I’ve got plenty of traumatic childhood experiences. My note is ready, I really hope that everything goes well. I’m sorry. "	sw
Cooking dinner tonight.. suggestions? My girlfriend is coming home really late tonight and I want to make dinner for her. She usually prepares the food but I know she’ll love coming home to a nice meal after a long day. Only thing is I’m not so great at cooking and also she’s vegetarian... I’m combing through recipes now but does anyone have suggestions? I’m “good” at cooking I just never know what to do. What’s your favorite go-to recipe? thanks y’all. 	cc
"The Jelly Belly Jelly Bean Flavors: RANKED I am somewhat concerned as to how exactly Jelly Belly makes their jelly beans because typically the artificial flavor of the beans are SO strong that it is overwhelming. But necessary if you are eating a variety so that any one flavor can be completely erased from your palette when popping in the next.   My mom had got me a small box of jelly beans for Easter, a variety pack of conventional flavors, and I haven't really eaten these things in years so I thought I'd dip back into my childhood and try them out. Was interested to see that old favorites became today's garbage, and the flavors I used to be meh about have come to the top of my list. Because I’m kind of drunk and bored I will share list of favorite Jelly Belly jelly beans from the worst bean to the best:  * 20: Licorice  I have yet to understand who actually enjoys licorice. I understand back in the olden days there wasn’t as much of a variety of flavors so licorice candy maybe was tolerable alongside like star anise and such. I don’t know how different today’s licorice extract candy is to the licorice flavorings of yesteryear but it is abrasive and borderline obscene. I wonder if at the Jelly Belly lab, scientists did any form of outreach to have kids taste their beans to evaluate which ones stay in circulation. If they DID, then they would throw licorice out. However I have a hunch that Jelly Belly is one of the few corporations that even buy the root anymore and the licorice industry will surely die off without such a loyal customer. I would hate for licorice farmers to lose their jobs over the retirement of this bean flavor so maybe it’s for the best that this bean stays. The licorice jelly bean is as deceptively dark as the blueberry jelly bean so I would have to bite the bean first and get a hint of the horrid flavor so I could know to throw this one away. In hind sight, blueberry isn’t good enough to where this method was worth it. I should have thrown out all dark jelly beans for my own well *bean* hahahahahah get it? Ok,  * 19: Tutti-Frutti  When I was a young warthog, I used to love this fucking flavor. I’d single out the colorful bean and eat them all last, you know save the best for last and stuff? It’s a pretty thing to look at I’ll be honest, the pink with flakes of blue and red, a mini mosaic tile. Sadly, getting older, I’ve completely lost the taste for this hyper sugary flavor. It’s, it’s almost like bubble gum, a flavor I’ve also gotten sick of. I couldn’t do it honestly I threw these in the garbage as well. Thankfully easier to pick out than licorice.  * 18: Bubble Gum  No surprise there. But what IS a surprise is that these beans don’t even taste like bubble gum. Tutti-Frutti tastes more like bubble gum. This is just…off. Askew. It unnerves me.  * 17: Cotton Candy  The pink beans are also suspect and again I don’t know WHAT the hell they thought they were going for but it doesn’t taste like any cotton candy I’ve ever had. Isn’t that bad of a bean but the marketing kind of pisses me off  * 16: Very Cherry  “Very” should be replaced with “Violent”. Yeah, that is a better adjective. This bean is VIOLENTLY cherry flavored. In the jungle, bright colors on animals are sometimes a warning sign of poison or toxicity. I should have recognized the literal red flag that is the overwhelming Red of this bean. Seriously the color is concentrated redness. But of course, artificial cherry candy flavored, and so it kind of made me think of cough syrup.  * 15: Blueberry  Similarly, this is…violently blue. Not blueberry, this bean doesn’t taste like a berry. It tastes “blue”. Didn’t think blue was a flavor? Think again. The Jelly Belly scientists have found a way to extract the flavor of Blue and condense it into jelly bean form. Is it worth it? It’s ok I guess, but off putting.  * 14: Watermelon  A favorite summer moment is getting to sit out on the patio, feel the wind blow over me, and look at the trees and the vibrancy of the grass, and snack on grapes and watermelon. I like watermelon. This bean is not watermelon. I don’t know what actual flavor the artificial watermelon candy extract tries to emulate, but it is so far removed from the actual fruit that every bean I ate made me long for those summer days, for the juiciness and natural flavor of a true watermelon. I cannot wait for those days to return here.  * 13: Green Apple  What is with these fruit jelly beans? They are almost a mockery of the fruits which they imitate. Though it does taste very “green”, there is a bit more of a nod toward actual “apple” flavor.  * 12-8: The Citrus Fruits & Peach  Orange Sherbet, Sunkist® Lemon, Sunkist® Tangerine, Lemon Lime, and Peach all fall in the middle of the list because all are equally boring. Ironic because citrus fruits have vibrant flavors. Here I just feel meh. I feel so bored every time I’d pop a yellow or orange bean into my mouth, I’d think “oh boy I bet this will pucker the lips a bit” and I feel numbness inside of me because I think I am a grown man eating jelly beans alone in his room. I have nothing much to say about each individual flavor.  By the way? I have been calling “Orange Sherbet” “Orange Sher-bert” for years now. YEARS. No one has corrected me. I had to type “Sherbert” and get the red squiggly line to alert me that something was wrong.  * 7: Sizzling Cinnamon  The common theme you will see as I get closer to one is that for the most part, the more artificial the flavor is, the more I enjoy it. Which seems counter intuitive to me, I felt that as an adult I would like the fruit ones more. I think rather I appreciate when candy is trying to be candy, and not pretending to be fruit filled. The cinnamon one is good, makes me think of big red which I enjoy. Or like those mints.  * 6: Juicy Pear  An exception to the fruit hate. The actual bean looks a bit sickly, it makes me think of the booger flavored beans in Harry Potter. However, somehow, it works. Somehow, it does feel like a bite of a juicy pear. But better than a pear because pears themselves are somewhat boring, so the added sugar makes it higher on the list than most other fruits.  * 5: Strawberry Cheesecake  Impressionism was an art movement where painters would create scenes that weren’t fully fledged out in details, literally giving you an “impression” of a scene. More than that, it was their subjective impression of a scene as well. Similar traits can be heard in the music of Debussy and Ravel, who paint using music to portray impressions of Greek Myths, of foreign lands, etc. etc. I would say this bean is impressionist. It clearly isn’t a cheesecake. But you get the hint of strawberry, you get the hint of the dessert, and it is almost into the uncanny valley. Something is off, but it’s ok. This bean was probably crafted by an artist.   From this point forward I’m willing to say these beans are more examples of Impressionism in food art.  * 4: Coconut  The last fruit in the bundle and it’s the best. The white bean is a treasure. So simple, and calming, like white foam over the waves, like sand, like, well, a coconut. Biting into this makes me think of sun lotion, of being by the pool, of taking in the warmth of the sun. A bite-sized vacation.  * 3: Pina Colada  This will follow Coconut in description. Eating the cocktail themed bean makes me think of Puerto Rico and indulging in treats I can’t normally get here at home, feeling more relaxed and happy to be away from it all. Another vacation themed bean.  * 2: Toasted Marshmallow  I don’t want to know how the Jelly Belly scientists were able to extract the flavor of toasted as well as marshmallow and make it work in a way that isn’t overwhelming. It is just right, just the right hint of toastiness and marshmallowness. It does make me think of campfires, of looking up at the stars, of shivering in the cold, ghost stories…somehow all of my favorite October memories as a child is recreated through one bean. Kudos.  And finally, the King of Beans:  * 1: Buttered Popcorn  I do not understand how this flavor got to the top of the list. From just the name alone, it feels like a warning sign. Saccharine, unnatural, wrong. But somehow, SOMEHOW, the genius scientists were able to make an icon of movie theater popcorn. And by icon I don’t mean like “the iconic well known flavor”, I mean how the Orthodox use it. An ikon is a depiction of God in art, and this bean is an ikon of movie theater popcorn. I don’t understand how they were able to make a transcendent flavor like this. The scientist, nay, artist, who crafts this bean, probably has a loving family, he or she is probably fulfilled in life, sleeps peacefully. If not, you deserve it sir or madam. You deserve the good things that happen in your life. The life, the light, the love in me honors the life, light, and love in you.  And so ends my time-killer for the day. I hope you…enjoy? This. Also? If anyone from the Jelly Belly corporation is carousing social media for marketing research or whatever, and the title of this post triggers you to read it, know that I will be ready to promote your beans on this site in exchange for a lifetime supply of the following flavors:  * Buttered Popcorn  * Toasted Marshmallow  * Pina Colada  * Coconut  * Strawberry Cheesecake  * Every Licorice bean in circulation  The last isn’t because I want to eat them, God no, but rather I want to save others from having to come across them. "	cc
Job hunting has me beat Anyone feel like despite all the necessary credentials they are being somehow overlooked by hiring companies? You see so many of these open positions (I’m in tech) and yet the callbacks are next to none.  I’m worried because it might affect my post graduation plans very adversely if I dont get at least something. Tried referrals and I dont know what more I can do without an interview even 	cc
"I am a human parasite I live of the Money my friends and family give me. I should be working on my thesis to finish my education, and i tell everyone i know that I am working on it as hard as I can. The truth is i am doing nothing. In 6 months i have worked 2 hours... Truth is im probably expelled, but i havent checkes my mail for 3 months ...  I feel like Im so far out with my problems, lying to everyone I know, living of pity from people, and spending All my money on alcohol.... I have no idea what to do. I cant bring myself to tell anyone the truth... My patents are paying for me to see a psycholigist ... But i feel like they're just wasing money...  Im scared of the reaction people Will have if I come clean..   Suicide hans been a consideration for awhile.  Iunno if this kind of post belongs here. Just wanted to share this with someone."	sw
"Does anybody remember MP3Den.com? I think they were active from late 2002 through to 2007, but I guess that was just when I noticed they were gone. I remember back in 2003 I used to go on there to snag songs and burn them to disc so I could play them in the car when my mom drove me to school. My friends wanted in on it, so I started burning discs for them too (I charged them two bucks for an album so I wasn’t just throwing my money out). But for real though, does anybody remember this site at all? I remember the site looking two different ways. The first one had to have been around 2003-2004. It was stark white and there was a lot of content on screen. I believe the main thing on the page was songs the staff picked to be on the front page. Later on, around 2006, the site got a bit more dark and “modern”? Lots of red and black, which reflected the time period well enough, considering that was the whole “emo revival” era. The updates were always fun to look forward to, but as time went on they got pretty weird. One of the owners (there were five) made updates telling us what artists and albums he planned to upload to the site (I assume he was buying physical copies and then ripping them to his computer?), but I think he made an update saying he was ending that “service”. He said it was to make it more mysterious and to keep us on our toes, but I think it was because he wasn’t buying CDs as much anymore. I remember that one of owners of the site always got strangely personal with his posts, often telling us home details that were sort of TMI. As time went on, the updates got sort of infrequent and shorter. Eventually it just came down to changes he had in mind that he’d express in one word sentences, sorta bullet point style.   I think we started pissing off the main guy who updated by badgering him about the watermark on every single song. Like seriously, who does that? He did, and it was always a hassle to cut it out before putting it onto disc. Lots of users didn’t have the technical knowhow to splice it out, but the guy insisted it was important on keeping the “intellectual integrity of the site” (ironic, considering it was bootlegging, right?) I was young back then, so I definitely didn’t know how to remove them. Eventually I learned to more or less drown them out, and I’m sure those CDs I made, if any of them are still around, are riddled with that stupid, shitty techno watermark. I swear it’s almost ingrained in my mind nearly 15 years later. It said “www.mp3den.com, experience it”, as I recall. The voice was strange, and it was pretty obvious that it was pitch shifted down. It also wasn’t professional at all, and it was pretty obvious it was one of the owners who made it. I’m sure if you look hard enough, you could find songs on youtube with that same exact watermark. If you do, let me know!  The forums were always fun, I made a few friends on there. I became close friends with one of the owners, he was always really chill. Occasionally you’d have the people coming along and calling heresy on the whole site, shouting about how bootlegging was illegal, but they got banned pretty quickly. You’d also have some guys trying to advertise their own mp3 site, but they never got much attention. I remember a few times there were guys who wanted to put their own music onto the site and they immediately stopped responding once one of the owners pointed out that they wouldn’t be getting any royalties from it. One guy went so far as to make as many fake accounts as possible and spam the forums hating the site, but they all got banned and eventually he got tired of it.  Looking back on all this, the site seemed shady as hell, but I certainly had a lot of fun on it. I’d really appreciate it if anyone could give me more info, or even their possible memories of the site?"	cc
"I've been doing so good.. I got back on antidepressants a couple of months ago. It's really been helping me in a sense of being more stable, but the last few days have been some of the roughest I've had in a long time. Today was the first day I genuinely thought about killing myself/harming myself to the point of dying, and the thought hasnt left my mind.   I don't have anyone left in my life besides my brother right now. My boyfriend and I are on a ""break"" for a couple of weeks, and we also arent talking at all during that break. My best friend hasnt texted me back in days. I just feel so anxious and terrified at the fact of how alone I am at this point in my life. I feel discouraged to even bother trying to get it together, and the quickest solution is to just.. End it. I dont have shit going for me right now. No boyfriend. Living with my parents again. Working a  minimum wage shitty job. Im getting back into this deep fucking rut I clawed my way out of back in January.."	sw
"Not interested in going on So over the last couple of year the suicidal thought have been growing and growing. After spending lots of time in therapy and having spent two stays in the hospital I have still come up empty. I have been on just about every medication in the book and have yet to really have any complete success. Im surrounded by an extremely supportive family and friends and truly care about them all so much. I myself can have really good day and can enjoy doing thing and constantly try new things in hopes of it helping. I try my best at exercising regularly and eating well enough, but have yet to have it change how I feel.   The problem for me is more often than not,  I do not feel depressed or unhappy. I just don’t feel much of anything. I don’t feel weight down or a failure or anything. I just don’t have any desire to keep going. I just would prefer to stop. After working through this for so long and diving back as far as I can, I can honestly say I felt this way since I was 5 or 6 years old. I’m 24 now and really feel like I’m staying around because I don’t want to hurt my family and friends. I had a sibling take his own life around the same age as me a few years back and I watch it completely destroy my parents and other siblings. I just can’t bring myself to put them through more of that. I feel very trapped in the situation and don’t really know what to do next. I have spent every bit of money I have traveling and trying new places hoping for the best and the feeling has just stayed. I don’t know really where to go from here. "	sw
I want to talk I want to talk to someone. I’m very depressed. My wife just lost our baby. Can someone please talk to me. 	sw
"Wild animals are scared of us for a very good reason. Imagine, you are some beast lumbering along when you smell the scent of food nearby.   You march along and find yourself surrounded by bizarre structures that look vaguely like bee's nests to your eyes.  Inside one of the structures is an odd being sleeping on the ground.   You decide that maybe they are food and so you immediately attack the being who delivers a a loud shriek as you rip apart its flesh.   BIG MISTAKE.   Hundreds of shouts penetrate the air and you promptly leave the bee's nest thingy only to find yourself surrounded by more of the bizarre beings, and they look really mad.   At their feet are peculiar creatures faintly resembling wolves, the creatures growl at you and lunge with the fury of the ages.   As you struggle to fight off the wolf-things you are set upon by the angry beings who thrust sticks into your flesh, only those sticks have sharpened pieces of rock attached to them. One being brings out another stick which is alight with flame and it swings the stick at your fur which catches on fire.   Your last moments are a whirlwind of pain and terror as the flames devour your body, the wolf-things rip off pieces of your flesh, and the haunting beings thrash you into the afterlife.   Even worse, your fatal decision may have also doomed many other members of your species living in the area to be exterminated by the raging hordes.   At least the survivors will have a healthy fear of humans.   Hopefully they don't repeat your error.   And yet, one of them will at some point do so.   Because bears don't exactly have the critical thinking skills to tell them that messing with entities who literally split the atom is a terrible idea, the entities that are weak on their own but a terrifying force of destruction in large groups.   They have no language either so it is not as if they can communicate with eachother in some sort of secret council of the Forest figuring out the regulations for interacting with the incredibly numerous and hostile humans.   Wild animals that attack humans are in essence messing with Humanity; a physical god they can never hope to comprehend. "	cc
"Yesterday this dude ruined my friend's birthday party So my friend was having a birthday party. Her boyfriend was there (they live together), and so was a lot of his family, including what seemed to be his grandfather or great-grandfather who had tubes in his nose, and his aunties and uncles, and what seemed to be his cousin.  I talked to his cousin for a little bit, and the guy seemed a little off.  Maybe it was just because he was drunk, but that didn't occur to me because the only think they were serving was sangria and soft drinks.  Somehow, though, he did get drunk. At some point I heard her boyfriend go ""YO, [cousin] GET THE FUCK BACK HERE"". At first I thought it was a joke or something because her boyfriend seemed super nice and it was hard to imagine him threatening anyone, but then him and his uncle were outside arguing with the cousin.  The dude was in the driver's seat of his camaro (he drove a camaro) arguing about how he was totally cool to drive and making a big ass of himself. Everyone was totally willing to call an uber for him but for some reason he was being really adamant about driving.  We were cutting the cake, which was ice cream cake (so it was going to melt), when all this was going down and the boyfriend had to spend like half an hour arguing with his idiot cousin and not getting any cake.  And then my friend's boyfriend's elderly aunties were back there like, ""what an asshole, I say knock him out"". Also, the cousin's dad was there arguing with him, saying ""if you drive that car I'm kicking you out"". Dude lived with his dad and drove a Camaro, typical lol.  This is about when I had to leave so I don't know how it ended but I was really glad that his family took a zero-tolerance approach (one of his aunts mentioned working in an ER so that was part of it). Way too many people don't take it seriously, they're just like, ""oh, that's cousin Whoever, he likes to have a few and drive, what a card lol"". Even my best friend once told me with a straight face that his stepdad was ""really good"" at driving drunk and he himself wasn't very good at it. And I'm like, everyone's good at driving drunk until they're not.  It was a pretty cool party otherwise though."	cc
What did your favorite subreddits do for April Fools? Here are some:   r/PrequelMemes became r/SequalMemes   r/SequalMemes became r/PrequelMemes   r/MovieDetails became r/ShittyMovieDetails but for Pixar and Disney movies   r/pics became progress pics   r/BlackPeopleTwitter stays the same.   r/me_irl became high quality outdoor pics   r/mildlyinteresting became rock pics	cc
What is the story of your baby's first smile/laugh? My newborn is about to be a month old and I'm so excited that she'll be smiling and laughing soon... I'm so excited that I want to hear some of others experiences. :) 	cc
"Tumblr truly is fantastic at making you feel bad for being something you can't control. I know we all know this by now, but even posts that aren't largely extreme, they *still* have this underlying, condescending tone. They love to shun straight, white, cisgendered and often male people simply for being what they are. They don't even realize what they're doing.  I once began to feel so horrible for being those things (except male). God I felt awful. I truly felt like a waste of human life and that I didn't belong. And then you'll see posts about how I ""now know what it feels like"" oh, you don't think I know what it feels like? There's a fine line between *understanding*, and *relating*. I've never been shot, but I'm pretty sure it wouldn't feel good.  Damn, I'm letting them anger me. Shouldn't let em do that.  What was your worst experience with tumblr nuts?"	cc
"Looking for an app for me to use for my SO Hello, all! I'm looking for an app.  Anyone remember Pictochat?  I've been searching for something like that to use with my girlfriend.  The trouble is that she's on Apple and I'm on Android.  From what she demonstrated, it seems that Apple already has a feature like that built into their messaging.  Can anyone help?"	cc
"I used to think bears were scary and violent creatures, I still see them as scary ad violent creatures but now I can also see a sort of beauty in all the ursids of the world. The more I read about them the more I find them kind of cool actually.   The Asian Black Bear looks so fucking badass with that pattern on its chest and the mane.   The Sloth Bear looks really creepy with those ears ...  The Spectacled Bear has a pretty coat as well.   The Sun Bear looks permanently stoned.  Polar Bears are beautiful as well, although American Black Bears are rather creepy looking and Grizzlies do not look significantly more visually appealing.   Imagine if we could really domesticate them, and get rid of all that foul attitude and general homicidal nature.   They wouldn't really act like dogs, though, they are much more similar to felines in terms of their behavior. They would see you as an equal but never as a master.   I have always wanted to hug a panda.   "	cc
I want to kill myself. Give me a reason not to. 	sw
"I am afraid and scared. I’m okay now. It’s just the thought that scares me. I wrote this... Today on April 8, 2018, I am in the middle of killing myself. It is 12:19 am and I’m in bed deciding how to do it. I ask myself, “Do I overdose on the drugs, I have been stealing from my father?” “Do I get into my car and drive and find a place to crash?” “Do I hang myself?” “Do I drive to a place where I just have to jump?” All of these things come into my mind and I think, “Am I going to do it?” “ Am I going to finally go through with it?” I recall and think back of memories of my sister and my girlfriend, while it is comforting, I find no solace in staying any longer. Will they miss me? Yes, but it’s for the better. I don’t do anything with my life. What have I contributed in society, nothing. I feel worthless. I’m not worth anything. I’m sorry. "	sw
"63 years is long enough Up until five years ago I had a fairly nice life. It was far from perfect - there were hard times and times of sorrow. But I was always able to weather the storms.  Five years ago I moved to Maine and my life has been a living hell ever since. One crisis after another. I'm the head of my household (which consists of me, my estranged, abusive, disabled husband for whom I'm caregiver, and our animals). Two years ago the manure really hit the fan. I had a couple of TIAs, then a few months later I tore my left rotator cuff. Shortly after it was diagnosed but before it was treated, I lost my insurance. So here I am with failing health and no way to fix it, a ""spouse"" who is nothing but a burden, no money to leave and nowhere to go, and too sick to work.  The way I see it, I had a good life. There was so much joy and there are so many incredible memories. But it's clear to me after five years of misfortune that the good times are over. 63 isn't a bad age at which to check out. It's not like I was cheated of anything - except maybe the kind of pleasant twilight years we all hope we'll have.   I really want to die. I don't have the guts to do it, so I just hope I'll get sick and have to die because I have no insurance to get treatment. "	sw
"I just wanted to share my ever expanding playlist with you guys! [Here it is](https://i.imgur.com/NLumRr7.png). The list is ever expanding, almost every day. I think there is at least one song for every type of mood, from sad to happy. :)   I was just wondering what you guys think of my list and do you have a playlist of your own? Sorry that is a PDF document, I have not realized it yet in a streaming app. :)  My apologies for the Robbie/Robin mistake! It has been corrected in a later version."	cc
"hurt myself in my confusion i don't know what to do.  there's a group of people downstairs. i left right after they came in. i can still hear them talking. i can't stand it. they aren't my friends.  i don't want to live in this house anymore. a year ago, i did. a year ago, i lived somewhere else i didn't want to live anymore. i thought i'd be happy here.  i like the people i live with, but they aren't my friends. i talk to them, as well as i can, but how long is it supposed to take?  can you make someone like you? if you can, what am i doing wrong? if you can't, what am i supposed to do? i never know what to say. my head feels like a cloud and my chest feels like a cave. i'm not interesting. i'm not funny. then what am i?  i go outside my comfort zone. i talk to people every day, and it's anything but comfortable. when does it start being comfortable?  how did everybody get to be so automatic? i work so hard to form every word. is it like this for anyone else? does it get easier? it's only gotten harder.  i know i need help. i was getting help for a while. i felt good. but ""you're not supposed to be medicated all your life.""  how else am i supposed to feel good? if i didn't make progress then, how will it ever happen?  i need help. i need someone to help me.  i don't know how this works. i don't know who i am, and i don't know how to be anyone else. it really hurts.  i hate myself for all my self pity. it all goes in circles. i can't find my way out."	sw
"I genuinely don't know what to do anymore. I can't take the pain anymore. I feel like I've been treading water for years, but I don't have the energy to fight anymore."	sw
"I have a question. I have the risk of sounding stupid but I always wondered this. I am from Spain, on the eyes of an American person what am I? Hispanic? Latino? Or European?   It's just weird because you all call yourself white but I also consider myself white (for my skintone). If someone can make this clear for me will be nice :) "	cc
I had tea with dinner tonight and I realized too late that it has caffeine and unlike most people I never have caffeine ever so I'm super not used to it. Like I'm sure it wasn't even that much caffeine but I feel alive and energetic like my mind is racing at a million miles an hour full of half-formed thoughts and I'm pacing in my room and it's almost like I can see sparkles in my vision and everything is great and special but I know that I'm not going to be able to get to sleep which sucks because I was finally almost at a normal sleep schedule so how's everyone else's night been?	cc
"What skill would you teach to 30 students? So I have a half hour slot to teach something, anything, to 30 odd university students. It's only to show that I *can* teach rather than to show off the skills that I have (which is feeling like bugger all right now). So I would love some inspiration from you guys!  If it was possible, I'd bring my xbox one in and teach them how to play Overwatch. But they also have to have a go at whatever you're teaching them, so passing a single controller round to 30 people in 30 minutes probably isn't realistic. But hopefully that shows you how ridiculous the skill can be. "	cc
"Tonight's the Night! So I've just worked out how to send a delayed message off my phone, which means I can text a friend that I've done the deed, do the deed, and they can panic and call emergency services after I'm long gone. No risk of me being saved, no need for my roommates to find a bloody corpse, and hopefully no ""what if I'd called the ambulance a minute faster""-guilt for my friend. Win win win. It was the last barrier to my suicide and now it's gone, I actually feel so relieved.  I'm not too sure why I'm posting this. It's not that I want anyone to talk me out of it, I've been working up the balls to do this for years, and if anything, I need someone to encourage me to take that final step. But I doubt I'll find that here, so moving on. I guess I just want to let it out before I go. I feel like there's gonna be a lot of shit made up after I go and even if you're the only ones who read it, I want someone to know the truth.  See, I'm 22, and I'm a law student in one of the better programs in my country, and when I go, there's going to be a whole thing about creating a better culture for students and student mental health (If they don't just ignore it altogether, which I'd honestly prefer). The thing is, I don't have any worries about the uni side of things. I find the course challenging but interesting and honestly it's about the only thing going right for me. The reason I'm going to kill myself is because I'm short, fat, relatively stupid, lonely as hell, and fuck ugly. Not a lot to it. I have a fair few friends, but there's maybe two that I'd feel alright telling this to. One of them told me she needed to focus on her own mental health and couldn't deal with being my support - completely fair, no hard feelings - and the other is going to get that text I talked about up top.  This isn't some rushed decision on my part. I've been depressed since I was 12/13 - maybe earlier, but that's when I remember first fantasising about dying. When I was 17 I realised that I could actually go ahead and kill myself, which was honestly a pretty freeing revelation. For the last five years I've been doing my best to work up the guts to end it all, and now here we are. I feel like I've given life a fair go. I've moved out, moved to a different city, even travelled a tiny bit. What's become clear to me doing all of that is that it's not a problem with my situation. It's not something that's going to get better as I go through life. The problem, as I see it, is that I'm a defective human. I have absolutely no desire to go through another 60 years feeling alone and disconnected and miserable, and ending things tonight is just convenient and easy and practical. That's basically it.  If any of my friends somehow find this and link it back to me, there's no hard feelings. There's no one big bad event that led to this. This is just the smart choice for me.   If any of you bothered reading this, thanks for the time. Hope you guys have a better life than I did."	sw
"Why not? Why shouldn’t I? I’m sorry if this doesn’t make sense but I’m kinda drunk rn... My life’s a mess, I’ve been single a long time and no matter how hard I try that not going to change, doesn’t help that I’m ugly af. I fucked things up with the one person I loved the most and they aren’t speaking to me anymore. My family hates me for being gay. I mean, being gay is largly the problem. I work a dead end job and can’t get anything better. My only 2 “friends” only talk to me when it suites them. The one friend I just made will probably drop me once they realize who I actually am as a person. Like I don’t get why I should be here. Why shouldn’t I take all the oxy I have sitting in my cabinet. Why should I be alive? I’m just.. I’m desperate for a reason to be here, I’m desperate for someone to come along and tell me things will be alright. I want to live. But.... it’s just not worth it... this Friday.. I think I’ll take the pills and have a few drinks and wait for it to end..... I guess this is my goodbye"	sw
"""La tristesse durera toujours."" Don't cry for me. If you were able to ask me, I would say I cry for you. My fight is over. My battle was fought for too many years. There's nothing where I'm going. All my problems end at the barrel of this gun. But you, you still have a battle to fight. One you've been fighting, and will continue to fight. While my fight is over, I've lost it. But I'm okay with that. I tried, and tried and fought and fought but gained no ground. Don't cry because mine is over, I cry because yours still continues.   If someone is trapped on the top floor of a burning building, Would you fault them if they jumped to a quick death opposed to watch the flames creep closer knowing it will eventually devour them? I've been trapped for so long. Watching the flames get closer and closer, feeling the heat. I can no longer sit and wait for the fire to consume me. To be burned alive. I decide to jump rather than face the fire in my head... I'm sorry I couldn't suffer longer for you."	sw
"I've accidentally consumed my media in the correct order. What I mean is, last year and this year, I watched the 2 seasons of Narcos. Then, after those, I decided to give Breaking Bad a try (after trying 1 episode a while back and not enjoying it). I just finished it. Fucking fantastic show. So the timelines just match up, and I could understand the references that Breaking Bad makes about the Colombian cartels and the DEA agents of old.  Then I decided to play Jotun: Valhalla edition since it was just sitting in my steam library for months now. Very much enjoyed it. Then, I figured, since I've finished Breaking Bad, time to watch American Gods after finishing Jotun!  And once again, the references weren't (hopelessly) lost on me in American Gods as a result of playing Jotun.  Ain't that lovely. Anything similar happen to you fellas?"	cc
"Opioids If a person has no opioid tolerance and they buy something they know is fentanyl or something else quite strong, what are the chances of it actually killing them? It's not something a person would want to survive and end up becoming addicted to opioids..."	sw
"Working your Way through the Week. (Yay, alliteration!)  I've been sitting at my desk for about an hour now, procrastinating my hours away until I can bail, and I've been wondering what people do to motivate themselves to either get through the day or to get stuck back into work.  It's not everyday that's like this, it's just occasionally I can't wait for the day to end, and I'd like to think of some way of tricking myself back into productivity.  What's your trick?"	cc
"I had a great date tonight and I'd love to talk about dates with everyone So, we met online a few weeks back and we met in person tonight. It was great fun and we plan on meeting again soon.   What's the best (or even better; worst) date you've been on (recently or ever)? What made it so memorable? How did the relationship end or go forward?"	cc
"How can you have tattoos and look like you just came out of prison and be nice? Friend of mine had a flat tire recently, luckily he was close to home so he was able to park the car in the driveway. Next day tow truck came to bring the car to the mechanic to have the tires changed so he hitched a ride with the driver. He said he was nervous the whole time and couldn’t wait to get out because the guy looked like he just came from prison because he had LOVE and HATE tattooed on his knuckles and was tatted up all over BUT he was nice and did his job “efficiently”. Then he said “I don’t understand how he can look like that with tattoos all over and be so nice, he must have found jesus”, couldn’t help but laugh. Are there any nice atheists out there? How come you’re so nice without having found Jesus? "	cc
Just got out of the hospital. Still suicidal. I’m convinced that no amount of hospitalizations (been hospitalized four times) will help me. I give up. 	sw
"Some questions for Easter! With Easter coming up, I thought I'd share some questions:  1. Do you still go to Easter egg hunts? If not, when and why did you stop? 2. Has anyone here ever attended an adult Easter egg hunt? If so, what was it like? 3. Any interesting Easter-related stories you want to share?  I'll start:  1. I stopped going to Easter eggs after 6th grade. Although nobody told me I was too old, I felt it would be weird to keep going to children's events after elementary school. This was 20 years ago. 2. I've never been to an adult Easter egg hunt but am definitely curious about them. I definitely miss the feeling of searching for those colorful eggs. 3. I occasionally stole eggs from other kids to give to those who arrived to late. I'm Robin Hood, y'all!"	cc
"I’ve been a not so great son. I love my parents. They live a few thousand miles away from me and I try to talk to them when I can.   But I feel that I haven’t been in contact with them as much as I should. I moved to a different county when I got married and I just been out of touch with them. My wife and I had our anniversary a few days ago and the sent us money as a gift. It warmed my heart but it also made me reflect on how little effort I’ve put into our relationship as my parents since I’ve moved.   We talk every few weeks or so but I know I can do better.   I’m trying to improve this by calling them every morning just to say hi and to see how they feel. Even if it’s a 5 minute call, I feel it makes all the difference in the world both for them and myself.  "	cc
"Where do I go from here? As of right now, every morning I wake up and immediately think about killing myself. My last thought before falling asleep is in regards to my own death. In between those two points of my day, I am wracked with anxiety to the point that I cannot breathe normally, my heart feels like it will explode and I cannot think clearly. At least 4 times a day my thoughts start to race and they feel out of control. They often enter paranoid and irrational territory. I have been drinking more lately, a lot more, in fact I spent from 9:00AM to midnight this past Sunday intoxicated. I have been going out and drinking so much that I do very embarrassing and dangerous things, and sometimes only have vague memories of doing those things. Speaking of vague memories, I feel like I am losing the ability to remember things. Each yesterday seems made up. Or I have a thought, and I cannot remember if I have already expressed it. I wish I had a better way of explaining that, but just imagine that literally every 10 minutes, you can't remember if anything you did before ACTUALLY happened. This is all starting to take a toll on my ability to keep myself together for work. I work as an administrator for a preschool, so I need to be on top of my game and at least seemingly cheery for 9+ hours a day. Recently my coworkers have been asking me if I was okay, implying that it seems like I am on some sort of drugs because I talk... Weird? I guess? Like if my guard is down I don't make sense and slur my words, or I am talking very loudly and very quickly. If I am focused I can talk fine, but if I just clocked out or am not around students it's like I cannot will myself to interact regularly. My sleeping is all over the place. I either go 3 days without more than a couple of hours of sleep from staying out, or I come home after school and sleep for 14 hours a few days in a row. Regarding medical background, the last medication I was on was lamictal, which was months ago for mood regulation. I was hospitalized once back in 2013 for a suicide attempt, and have since tried most of the major antidepressants which either caused me to rapidly cycle or didn't work for me. I don't have money to see a doctor right now (or at least I dont have the mental capacity to make money management happen to visit a doctor) and I am terrified of having to go on new meds, or worse being hospitalized again and risk ruining everything I have built over the past 5 years. I live a state away from my family, currently don't have any friends close by, recently split from my SO, and feel super isolated. I WANT to die, but I know I'm not supposed to feel that way. So what do I do with this? Where do I go from here? I am physically in pain from my anxiety and depression, I cannot remember to do things like shower, I am getting paranoid thoughts, the only things that make my life slightly less terrible are drinking and whatever drugs I can get my hands on. I just want this all to stop."	sw
"human=deluded okay so, every time suicide thoughts are brought in a conversation, most people will tell you that life is an incredible chance and you have to want to experience it, yet none of them is able to explain why or give you one good reason to!  what does it change whether i die now or in 50 years?what does it change whether i live the happiest life or the worst ?  it won’t change anything, you won’t get anything in return, we will all die and be forgotten  why are people so immersed in their lives that they can’t see the most basic of things i’ll never understand “humans”"	sw
"What should I prepare before I kill myself I've always been going on about the idea of killing myself since I was 10 but I need to go through with it. I don't deserve to live, and I don't want to anymore. 23 y/o M for context.   As the title says, I don't know what to do to prepare for my death. I've never written notes extensive enough but I'm planning on doing it. It'll be probably a month long endeavour and essentially be addressed to my parents mostly. I don't think I need to address to anyone else because I have few enough contacts outside my family that people shouldn't miss me too much when I'm gone. If they do, I don't have much energy left to address things to them. Maybe a generic (to my friends) note.   What else should I do?   I live in Toronto, Ontario so I'm planning on making myself an organ donor.   I should delete all my electronic history (of course, although really I don't care that much about this) but download my Facebook data and give it to my parents so they can sift through who I was. I don't know how to write a will. But I own nothing im pretty sure so it wouldn't matter.   I don't really care how my body is taken care of.   (and I know I'm not allowed to ask for detailed descriptions but as far as I know anxiety meds are the best way to OD and kill yourself - I don't have access to those though as it requires prescription. I don't want to die scared so jumping off a building is out, although I think I will do so if nothing else presents itself) "	sw
"50 days to graduation (#96) ^^^Yeah ^^^yeah, ^^^it's ^^^past ^^^midnight ^^^on ^^^the ^^^east ^^^coast ^^^but ^^^I ^^^got ^^^out ^^^of ^^^work ^^^late ^^^so ^^^shush  Well since it is actually tomorrow now today, I guess I might as well post this. It helps since I had no idea what else to write about and I was saving this post for when it actually was the 50 days to graduation.  Just like 50 days ago, my school is having a small celebration for the seniors for the countdown to graduation. I won't be able to attend it though because I'll be at the fitness center hitting legs at that time; but it is nice to know that the end is so much closer (and also terrifying because I have a lot of catch up to do with my work this semester). In 50 more days I'll be walking across a stadium stage and shaking my college president's hand, looking forward to never sitting behind a desk again.  A year or so ago I had an idea pop into my head that when I hit the 50 days mark to graduation I should do something special and I have been preparing for that the last couple of weeks. You lovely folks get to hear about it first.  I rarely if ever post on Facebook. However, over the next 50 days I am going to write a special shout out to the 50 people/groups that matter most to me and have helped me along the way to get my college degree.   I had no idea how difficult this was going to be. I made an excel sheet to keep track of everything and as of now I only have 16 more people to write my thoughts about. I saved all of them into separate word docs. Those 16 people wont be for another couple of weeks though so I have time to collect my thoughts on them.  There have been a few challenges with this. I didn't realize at first that there weren't 50 individuals I wanted to write something about. It took me some time to get a whole list together of all the individuals/groups of people I wanted to write about. The next issue was finding the right words to use when talking about each person. If that individual has a Facebook I am tagging them and writing most of the post in second person as if I was talking to them directly, but if they don't or if it's more of a group then I am using different language. I also don't know how much to share and not share about a person. I'm trying to keep the posts relatively close in length but some people I just know better and thus will have a larger post.  I'm afraid that some people will be upset if they don't get a personal post, but I also have a few posts dedicated to collective groups (all my XC teammates, the honors program, my relatives, and one or two more) that just about everyone I know will fall under something.  I know that this isn't a very important thing to do, but I've heard many times before it's best to give people roses while they're living and so this is exactly what I am trying to do. I want to show those who matter to me that they do. For the friends/family without Facebook I plan on sending them the post somehow so they can see it.  Sadly, I can't do that for my first person (who is getting today's post) because it is the librarian who was at my high school that I lost contact with after she got a new job. Without her, I wouldn't be where I am today. I hope somehow I can at least find a way to email her my thank you.  It's gonna be funny the next 50 days having basically two types of daily posts on different websites. Obviously I have a theme going on.  How many people do you think you can count up to who have truly helped you in getting to where you are today?  Can you recall the last time you showed your appreciation for somebody?  What is something you could write passionately about?  How sick am I gonna get from eating almost an entire bag of chocolate covered pretzels in one sitting? What's your unhealthy addiction in regards to snacks?  ^^^^^I ^^^^^know ^^^^^a ^^^^^bunch ^^^^^of ^^^^^the ^^^^^people ^^^^^on ^^^^^the ^^^^^sub ^^^^^feel ^^^^^very ^^^^^alone ^^^^^and ^^^^^probably ^^^^^cannot ^^^^^relate ^^^^^to ^^^^^my ^^^^^post, ^^^^^hence ^^^^^the ^^^^^previous ^^^^^question. ^^^^^I ^^^^^don't ^^^^^want ^^^^^people ^^^^^to ^^^^^feel ^^^^^left ^^^^^out.  ---  ^^This ^^is ^^post ^^#96 ^^out ^^of ^^~~365~~ ^^360something ^^with ^^my ^^goal ^^to ^^have ^^a ^^conversation ^^on ^^here ^^every ^^day ^^of ^^2018. ^^Feel ^^free ^^to ^^comment ^^on ^^anything ^^I've ^^said, ^^answer ^^my ^^questions, ^^or ^^just ^^talk ^^freely ^^about ^^yourself ^^even ^^if ^^it ^^doesn't ^^relate ^^to ^^the ^^post. ^^I'm ^^here ^^to ^^chit ^^chat.  ^^It's ^^been ^^[23] ^^days ^^since ^^I ^^last ^^missed ^^a ^^post"	cc
"Messed up   I feel a bit hopeless at the moment. I’ve had depression in the past, and have been on sertraline for about 4years. I started college this year, met an incredible group of friends, and have generally been feeling great about things. I even lowered my dose from 150mg to 100mg. But then I went and messed it all up.   I betrayed my girlfriend of 3 years. I slept with my close guy friend who I work with and go to college with. I told her, and we went on a short break to think about everything. I kept messaging him, even though I KNEW I shouldn’t. I constantly changed my mind on what I wanted; I told him that I wanted to be with him. We sent nudes and talked about what we wanted to do to each other.   Then I changed my mind again. I realised that what I have  with my girlfriend is worth trying to save. She’s my best friend. I feel sick knowing that I’ve betrayed her trust again. I haven’t told her this time. We were technically on a break but I still feel like a monster. Her friend threatened me, telling me he’d hurt me if I upset her again. He’s a big guy with violent tendencies, so this was a bit worrying...   I’ve been feeling suicidal. I know I won’t do anything too drastic, but I really need some support. I hate seeing councillors because I feel like they never help, so I came here.  I guess these are my main problems:  1.  I have college in a few days and I don’t know who I’ll sit with because my girlfriend (understandably) doesn’t want me seeing him. 2.  I don’t know how to deal with the guilt of betraying her twice, and if she ever found out idk what I would do. 3.  I’m going to miss him. He was a good friend. Plus I really hurt him by telling him I wanted to be with him and then changing my mind.  If anyone has any advice I would really appreciate it. I really need some support. Thanks guys "	sw
"So I woke up this morning (gory)... And the first thing that I thought of was me: my head exploded into little pieces, gray matter everywhere, blood absolutely soaking the pillow case. I envisioned the sound of the gun blast, the quiet peace and serenity that would come from being no more. My days are like this, spent thinking of how I shouldn't have woken up, how putting a gun to my head would be the BEST thing that could happen to me. I'm just ashamed that I'm too chicken to do it. All I have is a boyfriend engrossed in dragonball z videos on youtube, a mom who can't understand why I'm so unhappy, and a happy happy easter celebration where I'm going ro be torn down for my life decisions stemming from a need to escape the very ignorant people who ruined my life in the first place.  Happy Easter."	sw
Can I please die Can I please just close my eyes tonight and fall asleep and never wake up please I can't handle this fucking miserable and crippling loneliness I hate myself I hate my life no one loves me no one cares if I die I hate my family I don't have any friends who give a shit but why cant I just climb on my chair and get on my noose what the fuck is holding me back I know there will never be anything good in my life in the future too I need to die ineed to die please kill me I want someone's voice please	sw
"I don’t really want to die, I just want my old life back I had years of a painful injury followed by a procedure that in my opinion deformed my body. I feel disgusted by the change to my body all the time. And I have lost the ability to do the things I loved. I used to be happy and active.  Now I’m depressed, anxious, and barely functional. I have been this bad for 2 years I don’t want to be like this anymore and I don’t see it getting better unless my body magically goes back to normal. My friends either don’t know or don’t understand how serious it is. Most of them left me long ago when I stopped being my normal self.   My sleep is the worst. I lie awake for hours with a racing heart. I get almost like ‘flash backs’ but not of the trauma...rather just memories of how I used to be, that’s the worst part. That girl back then didn’t know this was going to be her life, and she can’t cope with it. She is pretty much dead already.   It sucks finding the point along the line where you realise you can’t cope with it anymore. Part of you knows you have been through a lot and understands why you can’t keep going. But another part feels weak and wishes you were stronger. I find that I feel weak because my friends don’t understand the trauma I have been through; so in their eyes I think I appear weak and useless...and I’ve internalised that.  Please I just pray to the universe (as a atheist) that my body goes back to normal. Then I could stop this obsession, this disgust and this shame. Then I could try to continue to recover from my original injury, and I pray too that my injury would improve. Lastly, that I would be psychologically able to recover from all the mental anguish.  I wish the above so badly. But I am utterly terrified it’s not going to happen...for if that is the case I don’t think I will survive...I think I would destroy myself. Probably initially through self sabotage until I could feel I had nothing left to live for and end it entirely. "	sw
"I can't believe it. After more than 20 long, grueling years, this is finally going to be the end. I have decided once and for all to end it thanks to today's event which acted as the proverbial straw that broke the camel's back. Long story short, a girl I've been speaking for many months now, whom I like and who likes me, a lot, has spent that last four months trying as hard as she can to avoid seeing me and talking to me so that she can get over her feelings for me. Whenever I ask her why she can't just let me take her out, she'd always have a reason why a relationship is not the right step for her and that based on her past relationships, we would focus to much on each other and begin doing bad in school. Because of this, despite the fact that I live one street away, she refuses to see me. It's been 4 months. We haven't had a decent conversation in 1 and a half.   After all this time, she met another man at the bar, one of her drinking buddies, whom she is falling for and is over me.... which is what she wanted from the beginning. She didn't want those feelings for me to be there. I don't know why. Why am I poisonous? She has no problem seeing this other guy almost every day and violating almost every reason she had for not wanting to see me. I am a fool. I am a fucking fool. On top of that, the emotional abuse and trauma as a child, the family ostracization from childhood to adolescence, my grades spiraling out of control at that time, my brother passing away, my friendships being facades that were manipulated only to use me, my relationships that were only to toy around with me.  I've decided a long time ago that I wasn't meant for happiness in this world, but I think now, I realize that maybe its not just that I wasn't meant for happiness in this world, maybe I myself wasn't meant for this world.  I don't want to die, I just want to not exist anymore. I wish I can one day just be walking down the street and have a car just come and hit me. I can't think of anything more beautiful.  Anyway, I am still working out the details, but I do know that I want to go on my own terms. The day before my birthday in July so I do have a little bit of time to get things ready. Thank you for listening. I hope you guys don't get to the point I'm at....it really feels terrible. I don't wish this on anyone."	sw
"Yeah, that. Having to hang out with a group of people, because you're too nice to say ""no"".  Not that I particularly mind them, because they are really nice, but I just rather stay home, lay in bed and just... relax. (:"	cc
Even if I die Of natural causes it could be framed as something else! My goal in life is to be diagnosed with the brain disease I have that was neglected since I was 16. But after a big argument with my family over it I realized they will try their hardest to do anything to cover it up if I ever get in a vegetative state they could say it’s Catatonia if I die from the brain disease they will still ignore my claims of a brain disease and make something up about it and that is probably all that will happen even with a postmortem biopsy.	sw
An honest review of the Purple Pillow I tried posting on their website but it was removed so here’s my honest opinion. I received this pillow 3 weeks after my birthday because apparently it takes 3 weeks to package and ship it. So after 1 month here you go.   Pros: Helps me sleep.  Breathable mesh causes air to gently blow on you when you move.  Extremely comfortable.   Cons: Has a funny plastic smell.  Weighs about 10 lbs.  Tends to get hot in the center even with the breath ability.  Is very flat so I have to stack it on another pillow.  Is 100$ but should be about half that.    Overall I’d give it a 3.5 pillows out of 5. Will this be the perfect pillow for you? Probably not. Would I rather just buy one of the 5$ puffy ones from target every 6 months? Yes probably.   Anyone else have one or have used one that agrees or disagrees with me?  	cc
"Killing myself to night I have finally decided that it is time, i have been very close to doing it before. This time i will go all away. I cant deal with life anymore, as each day pass i get more depressed. I dont really know what to say, i just wanted someone to know that im gone before the morning comes"	sw
"The end is fast approaching I'm in my early forties and a dad to a wonderful little girl. I've been depressed for a long time now, but have somehow managed to pull it together for her. Her mother and I share custody and do not get along at all. she is always threatening me with court to take my daughter away. She has done everything in her power to attempt to alienate me from my daughter. Most of the time it seems to work. I love my daughter with all my heart, but I'm lost. so so lost. I'm going to be evicted in three days and subsequently homeless. I'll lose my daughter because of this. I'm broke. unable to pay rent or bills, my family has disowned me. I've lost my friends. I'm totally isolated and alone. I'm so scared and don't want to die, but am unable to find a way to live."	sw
"Anyone else notice googles results for very specific searches getting a lot worse lately? When searching for specific things, especially error messages, google has been ignoring the search terms that narrow it down to anything remotely relevant lately and it's **really** annoying.  Sometimes even putting it in quotes and adding a plus doesn't work, then I spam the same term five times and it magically works."	cc
"I firmly believe that no version of me can ever exist that doesn't completely crack up during the ""stare-down interrogation"" scenes in Curb Your Enthusiasm. I know that there are scientific theories that hypothesize the existence of infinite parallel dimensions wherein an infinite number of DuffMcLargeHuges (Huge-I? No) can exist. I just choose to ignore all extra-dimensional Duffs that don't contain the sense of humor necessary to appreciate the endless assault of awkwardness that is Curb Your Enthusiasm."	cc
"i just dont care anymore im unlovable, im just gonna fucking slit my own throat"	sw
"I just don't know anymore I'm in a dark place, i mean i just want to feel loved but the only person i have any feeling for won't even let me say i have feelings for her. I've had a lot to drink tonight and i say let's just see what happens, i mean hey there's a reason I'm here."	sw
"Snowball Effect The Curdy sweat all over from under the duna awakens me early, A ritual which does not cease, caused by this bloody Strattera for ADD which gives nothing but issues. The bright rays from my phone show ""3:30"", great I recall. Taking a drowsy piss and attempting to fall back to sleep with the aid of music to be abruptly awoken by my obnoxious mother, who, with the distortion created from the door recalls the same gurble of words over and over until I have to almost scream so she discerns me, I wake and ask for a shower, or if my little sisters birthday is urgent, She states I can have a shower. The shower, the only time where time is not a thing, worry is not a worry, all that is needed is to refresh and get on. The sweet idea of a shower is soon gone as my mother is yet again profusely spouting because, I am taking a shower? It seems obsurd but I conform, scurry to the safety of my room where a card has been left for me to write a message, only recieving this in the morning. Snatching a pen lingering on my desk I haul to get the generic birthday message printed on the overly enthusiastic card, but where my pen goes ink does not follow, A wave of heat coarses through my mind, hurling the damn thing on the wall out of anger I wonder, How can something so simple be so disappointing? What have I done where things just always bite a part out of me, one piece at a time. Mum is once again pounding on the door, claiming My other sister needs to get to uni. Simply a pen, has broken me. With mind racing in anger, I leave the card blank, My little shit of a sister only gives a damn about the money anyway right? I exit and the wall of safety breaks away as I am exposed to the ridicule and mockery of my own family, The thoughts, my own of death and freedom give way once again, How can I keep living as a rock for people to dump shit on and get moving. It just doesn't seem fair, I have nothing to outweigh the burdens of others. Back in the present, My anger is seen as unjustified, therefore I am in the wrong. Why do I have to hold on where others can break down?  This is my morning, variations will occur. But this is my life. I have not mentioned nor stated any other events which have or did occur prior throughout my life. Please help."	sw
Sticker album Here at my city peolple get really exited about the world cup. In cup year almost everyone buy the FIFA world cup sticker album. Completing it is kind of a  social activity because there are this gadderings to exchange stickers so you get to meet other people  and it's just a fun thing to do. I bought one today to complete iwith my brothers and i'm really exited to finally have a goal about something ( been pretty depressed this days) . Is  the sticker album  a tradicion in your country?	cc
Im way over my head I'm so confused right now it feels like I'm being strangeld it feels like I will kill myself the first second I get time to think	sw
"Soon. 22M. I don't know why I'm writing this. Maybe I want help? Maybe just someone to talk to? Or to just vent? I don't know. I plan on doing it either tomorrow or Tuesday.   For those of you that are wondering how: 1,200mg of Lamictal 1,050mg of Propranolol Hell I might even throw some Paxil in there   Why? I guess it all goes back to when I was a child when I was molested by my mother (that feels so good to actually say considering I've never told anyone). My mother was also a drug addict and an alcoholic who would ""spank"" me and my sister on a daily basis. My father? Well he was at work a lot of the time. When they got divorced he turned into an alcoholic, narcissistic asshole who would verbally abuse me most days.  Which leads to now. I have debilitating social anxiety, general anxiety, depression, bipolar II, and body dysmorphia.   I just thought I would share my story. I have been on this sub reddit for a while and would like to thank all of you and I hope that all of you that are struggling find some peace.  -S"	sw
"Sometimes I'm kind of a bitch I'm kind of a bitch. Don't get me wrong, I'm a nice person usually but sometimes my bitchy side comes out when someone is being kind of a nipple head.   Some people try to hide the fact that they're bitches but I will proudly declare that I can be a bitch sometimes. Life is too short to not say what's on your mind."	cc
"What did you guys take in college? What did you take and how did you decide? I can't decide for the life of me what to take in college, I like psychology, music, films, uhhh that's all and im hoping you guys can make some suggestions and help me with my little problem here"	cc
"How to let online friends know you won’t be around again? I have a couple online friends that I don’t want to just leave on offline, where they’ll have no idea what happened. But also don’t really want to drop the ‘I’m killing myself’ on them, especially as one also suffers from depression and anxiety and I don’t want to upset her as much as possible, but just don’t really know what to say to them :/ "	sw
"I am tired I have fought very hard for years. But it's so tiring now. Trying to move and speak to people. I've done so much to make it better, but my medication doesn't work anymore. I can't get back into therapy for several months. I'm so tired. I've heard that it gets better so many times that it just feels like an echo. I am done now. I want to sleep. I don't want to wake up "	sw
"I don't know what to do after today. I failed another class in college. Studied for 20+ hours on the test. All my friends passed. I can't afford to do this. I'm bleeding money, my hobby costs money... It's all just too much to deal with right now.   I wish I never went back to school.. None of my friends care.   I have so many other things going to too... Not even sure if I'm depressed or if it's just how life is now.  Only reason I'm still here is my girlfriend who's stronger than I'll ever be.  Parents don't give a damn other than them thinking I'll go to hell if I kill myself.   I just want off the ride. Every thing I do is a climb back up before I get kicked in the face by life and my friends leave me. "	sw
"Help us find our marriage proposal photographers and photos from Petra, Jordan! Hi everyone this is a long shot, but here we go... Last Wednesday March 28, we got engaged in Petra, Jordan at night surrounded by candles and the beautiful Treasury monument. It was incredible! We met two fellow travelers with very nice cameras who took pictures of us and said they would email them to us when they got back to their hotel room that night. We still haven't heard anything from them and have not received any pictures. We are getting concerned they may have lost our email information. It would mean the world to us if we could reconnect with these people but unfortunately we were so caught up in the proposal that we did not get their names or Information.  Help us find these photos!!"	cc
"Pissssed off and suicidal Im pretty depressed cuz I have no friends and am a senior in highschool. No girlfriend (in fact I havent been with one ever) and really nothing to do with myself other than lift weights and do my work or play a video game. I've had this strong sort of hate towards the mainstream and hate all the trends that have circled around, I'm sure you know what I'm on about. I'm talking about the shit heads that smoke Juuls and listen to trap music or anything that's bound to get old quick(Drake). I'm a metal head, and I grew up in a town with no one else who shares that. I love Pantera, or some Slayer and not the bullshit people listen to now.   ANNNYYYWAY The reason why I'm depressed is because I've never found that group that I fit in with. All of my previous friends left me because they wanted to smoke and drink and use people for their money. Fucked, am I right? I feel like shit for not going to parties or being with a girl at least once. Shit pisses me off that I live in this place, especially when I'm in a town where every one is preppy. So I'm not going to give you ALL the details but I'm sure you know what's good so what are your thoughts of this and what the fuck should I do to improve on myself because I'm tired of being alone and I can't do much about it since I hate a lot of people in my town. I just don't know where I belong.  Thank you"	sw
"I want to move across the country and start my life over. Tell me stories about big, scary life changes you've made! Have you ever done something like this, and how did it work out? Are you considering a huge life change right now? What is it? Tell me your stories!  Some context: I'm so unfulfilled job-wise. I hate every job I've had after about a year, and it all feels so pointless. I do the same old, same old every day and I'm tired of hearing ""Oh, that's just the way life is!"" because I think that's total nonsense.  We're going on a trip to Colorado in May and I'm considering keeping my eye out for places to work, places to live, and maybe just up and move with my boyfriend, who sort of feels the same way. I just need something different, and a job that makes me feel good.  My cousin did something similar a year ago, and she loves it there. I've been there before when I was in high school, and I loved it there. My parents love it there and would probably move with us if we went, so they have an excuse to go back.  I just don't know what to do anymore!"	cc
"Anyone else ever feel shaky after getting into online arguments? Just today I got into an unpleasant interaction with someone in another subreddit (on a different account; I don't want people looking for it and starting a brigade)  In short, basically someone's comment was downvoted because they seemed to misunderstand the comment they were replying to. I decided to reply to the downvoted person to explain why they were mistaken. After a bit of back and forth, they replied ""How about you just fuck off dude, okay? Thanks.""  I was pretty taken aback, because I never said any personal insults to them (just an explanation of why they were wrong). I replied saying that I apologize if anything I said came off as rude, and then added ""I don't have anything else to add, so I'll leave you alone now. Bye."" To which they responded, ""I sure hope so.""  Obviously I didn't say anything to them after that. Ultimately I don't have any reason to worry about this anymore, and that person will probably forget about me by tomorrow, but boy, I still feel kind of tense about it now.  Having a random person telling to you to ""fuck off"" online doesn't sound too terrible, just ignore them, right? But it's surprisingly uncomfortable when someone actually directs it at you personally, I just realized (now I get a sense of what it just feel like to be a well-known figure who has much worse told to them regularly)  How have you reacted to experiences like this before? Think I could've handled it better? Got any stories to share yourself?"	cc
"Need advice Hi guys, do you think an app that can help you to find the perfect location for every purpose (business, etc.) is interesting enough? Please tell me your honest opinion and what would you like to see in that app e.g. available parking spots for customers, average population age, etc?  Please let me know!"	cc
"Job interview next Tuesday! What are some good tips? I just did like one on my life. I'm so happy finally someone called me! But I'm nervous, they said it will be a 2h interview.. I'm not sure if that is normal but for me seems too long, the last one I did didn't even last a hour. Any advice on how to handle it? "	cc
"ill be gone soon enough i dont know how much more i can take of living anymore, its getting harder and harder to see my future. i want to die, breathing isnt good for me anymore. im done"	sw
"My work basically told me that I'm wasting valuable creativity on my personal projects and I should just be doing work. All right, pointless, personal rant time.  So, my job basically just told me I'm wasting my energy and creativity working on side projects (like game development and modding) and that I should be focusing all of my effort on my real job because it ""matters"". The thing is, I don't think my job matters. What they do is important, sure, but anyone with my education could do what I do. I'm a glorified number cruncher here. That's not important. The stuff I'm working on off the clock is stuff that's truly ""mine"", and I think that makes it important.  I requested to switch to part-time because honestly this job is causing me weekly anxiety attacks and I can't stay here for eight hours a day five times a week without breaking down and I'd rather use that time to work on my own stuff. I was told that I was hired to bring that creativity to the office and that I shouldn't be wasting time on things that are ""fun"". I've then been given basically nothing but algorithms and graph traversal problems.  I may have a CS degree, but I'm not a damn calculator. I got into this field to make games, not to make security simulations. I kept this job to fund my projects, not the other way around. Even then, I've given so much effort to work that I'm often too drained to code at home. I'm still stuck here for the time being because the therapy my insurance has been paying for is what's given me the boost I've needed these past few weeks to work on my side projects, but if I find so much as a retail job with health care I'm bouncing.  I was totally content with just continuing to do my best and work on what was needed, but way to take the fuckin' wind out of my sails on that one. I've pretty much instantly lost all drive to do anything at work any more.   All my life I've been told to get a good degree to get a nice stable full-time job and buy a house and a car and a picket fence and shit, but I was legitimately happier pulling 20 hours a week at a movie theater and streaming game dev every week. I posted weekly blog updates, and while I didn't have many followers, I had some, and I liked to talk with them. I liked knowing that I, specifically, was making someone's day just a little bit better."	cc
"Suicidal? Why are you here? Ah, because of the title I assume. There’s really no easy way to talk about suicide, is there? Which is why I am going to skip the bullshit about life getting better. It doesn’t. Life is fucking worthless and it’s going to keep on being for the rest of yours. And it is for everyone, you aren’t alone. But you’ve become a greater person and accepted that you have no meaning and that you should just… Kill yourself. Hear me out, alright?  Now, don’t take me wrong. I am not an advocate of self-harm, depression and suicide. I am just here to help you find yourself in this complicated mess of teenage angst and heartbreak. I’m talking out of experience here, just so you know. I’ve been, and continue being, depressed and empty for about two years. It’s turned me cynical, bitter but I still do have something in me that cries out for a normal life. And even though the cuts on my lower left arm have slowly faded with time, I occasionally create new ones. Not because I am depressed, not at all. In fact, I like it.  Guess I’m a bit of a masochist, aren’t I?  Most people, even though their pride prevents them from admitting it, have or will sometime during their life suffer from some degree of depression. Perhaps your pet died, your parents. Your wife. I have no way of knowing, and I understand that. I have personally never lost anyone really dear to me. Except for both my grandmothers. Only one funeral made me cry, I can tell you that. That’s not the reason for my depression, by the way.  THE REASON. The thing that everybody wants to know. What is depressing you. But I can tell you, for me, it is fucking nothing. Zero. Nada. There’s nothing that I really have to be depressed about. I haven’t even finished school yet for fucks sake. Still, I am depressed. And don’t you fucking dare tell me I do it for the attention.   Let me tell everyone out there that fakes depression to get attention. Kill yourself. No, seriously. You taint my reputation as a depressed person. Because if you think faking suicidal thoughts to get that one girl to like you, you can go jump off a fucking cliff. Because there are people, real fucking people that go through real depression. And it is not always as fun as it is for me.  I know several people that have either went through or are currently dealing with depression, and I can tell you that they’re not doing good. Neither am I, but I’m still alive, aren’t I? The point is, playing on their insecurities, and honestly, LIVES makes you the deserve death. Because there are people that want to die, for real. They’re just not completely over the thought of that one person caring, that one girl caring for you. They are so fucking close to the ledge, that if you threw cotton on them, they would fall off. And your lies, it can be that cotton.  Another common thing people have told me about my depression is that I just need to talk. Oh yes, I need to talk. I need to explain to you how you don’t understand what you say you understand. You have no idea what it is like, even if you’ve gone through depression yourself. Because everyone acts differently. Like, take a fucking look at me. I wrote this laying in my bed at 2 AM listening to sad music because I can’t sleep. Others prefer to cry themselves to sleep. Some people like to cut themselves. And I have been there too, my friend.  Cutting. Cutting. Cutting. It’s probably the thing everyone associates with depression. It’s become a trademark for emo kids. Fuck you. Cutting is a way of relieving the pain. And not physical pain, because fuck you and your physical pain. It relieves the mental pain, the whole reason that you are doing it. It takes your mind to the present and forgets about the past pains for a minute. And I have a couple of good looking scars, if I may say it myself.  Upper left arm. Four visible scars that suit my look. Lower down, a fucking barcode of scars. But only the left arm, and a couple of stomach scars. Don’t ask. But the left arm is interesting. Because it’s only on the other side of my arm. It’s not on the vein, but the opposite, around the arm. And before you throw comments in my face saying, “It doesn’t work that way”, let me tell you this. Fuck you.  It’s not about bleeding, it’s not about getting scars. It’s all about the pain, and I guess I a bit of a masochist, because I like it. It feels good to feel some physical pain once in a while. I don’t cut my arms any more. I deal with the emptiness through other means now.  Oh right, before I continue on towards the ending, let me explain more about my depression. And if you’re not interested, then fuck off as you please. I don’t like talking about myself, I hate being the center of attention and I respectively hate people who love being in the center of attention. They get on my nerves, man. It started out pretty bad for me. I will admit that I got depressed from loneliness. I was single, have been for… five years. Yeah… I listened to depressing music and cut my arms. But now, I don’t feel that way anymore. The sadness has kind of... drained from me.   And left me nothing, quite literally. I am empty, I have incredibly few feelings. But those feelings are strong, no matter what. I never dislike anyone, I hate someone’s fucking guts. I don’t like someone, I love someone with my whole fucking heart. And that combined with my inadequate social skills, it makes it hard for people to truly understand me for who I am, and not for what I say.  Enough about my sad life, back to YOU. Glorious reader. Right, where was I? I deal with the emptiness now. And how do I do that. By being Dexter Morgan. I fake feelings. It sounds so very cliché when you hear it like this, but I actually do. Because I am not stupid. I know how feelings are supposed to work, I haven’t been empty my entire life. I’ve had late night, summer romance feelings for someone that was probably together with someone else. I’ve been normal once.  So, what do you do to cope with depression or loneliness? Crying? Cutting? Therapist? I don’t do that any of that anymore. I just take walks. It might sound very news-esque, like eat a banana to prevent early Alzheimer’s. But it works for me, because it relaxes me and allows me to think about thoughts I don’t spend much time on. And it makes me peaceful and tranquil, for once. Just find a nice, long stretch that you think is good, plug your headphones in and listen to some calm music. Works every time for me.  Now that you’ve read all I’ve told you, how do you feel? I’m not going to twist and turn on the end to make a point about depression and suicide. I just want to you to realize how much you actually value your life. When I told you in the beginning to kill yourself, you didn’t. You are obviously here. It can either mean you’ve found something you’d like to live for, or you’re just reading this because it’s a text on your favorite subreddit. I don’t know.  Like I said, I’m not going to encourage nor discourage anything you’re thinking about. Because I cannot tell you what is best for you. Perhaps you feel so bad that you have to leave this world. And that is okay, it’s your choice. But I just want you to think about it for a second before you step over the ledge or pull that trigger. IS IT WORTH IT? Do you really want to die that badly? There’s only two answers, yes or no.   YES OR NO, there’s nothing in between. There’s no “slitting my wrists is better than dying”, because it isn’t. It’s just you who consciously made the decision not to kill yourself.   And if you’re not going to kill yourself, you can drop the whole thing. Which is why I’m asking you this. Are you ready to die?  Because if you really are, if you’ve thought it through and find it to be the only solution, there's nothing else to do at all.  Then there's something you haven't discovered yet.   "	sw
"Have you ever thought to yourself ""Hey, this is kinda great!"" even though you probably should be worried? I have no money for food, no money for cigarettes, no money for weed AND I'm behind on an essay that I can't sneak out of if I want to take the exam. All I have to eat untill my paycheck tomorrow is a little bowl of soup. Yet somehow, I'm quite euphoric. This happens quite often, which is a nice change from being depressed for the same reasons. Does this ever happen to you guys?"	cc
I’ve been on Reddit for a year now! Always thought about Reddit as weird till I actually tried it and it was so awesome. Everyones so kind and all the content (except the facebook tier shitposts and reposts) is awesome. A years gone by so quickly and if only I knew before that Reddit had communities for fans of almost everything.	cc
"eventually i'm gonna run out of money eventually i'm gonna run out of money and there's nothing i can do about it. my parents don't support and won't me, financially or otherwise, and i'm disabled to the point where i can't work. i've been refused disability, i need blood work and etc done due to a medical need, and i just don't know what to do. i've always been sad, but on top of that now i'm scared. "	sw
"What are your guilty pleasure subs? I really like r/tightpussy (SFW), r/avocadosgonewild (also SFW), r/doggles, r/peanutwhiskers, r/catloaf, and r/fawnssittinginflowers   Share some of yours (obviously SFW/SFL)"	cc
Just did a handful of pills Waiting to see what happens but I fucking hate myself and my family	sw
"What's your weird hobby? Have you ever gotten REALLY into something that 99% of the population doesn't know exists but ought to? What about something badass you've discovered through the internet only to find out no one you know in real life is into it?   It can be kind of frustrating to be into something with a limited userbase, but I personally find that really niche interests tend to generate some of the best communities and attract some of the coolest people, so I want to hear about yours. "	cc
"as of today I have been a redditor for 5 years, I wonder how much time I have spent ""learning"" on ehre I sure wish there was a way for me to figure out how much time from work I have spent on reddit. It'd be kinda neat to see how much money i have made while browsing the website."	cc
"Sometimes I ""try out"" jokes So to preface this, I'm I  college and do my own thing by myself like 85% of the time. I've got a small group of friends that I grab lunch with weekly. During this time I make some lowkey conversational jokes. If they are received well I add them into my day to day run ins. If they received well then I just forget about the joke.   Everyone I kind of know thinks I'm really funny, but I really just recycle the same 10 or 11 things that fit into all conversations and it makes me feel a little fake. Does anyone else do anything similar?"	cc
"Locked up for reaching out A few weeks ago something happens where it made my boyfriend, my mom and basically everyone mad at me. My boyfriend was saying things to bring me down and was breaking up with me and when my mom drove me to school that next morning she didn’t say anything to me. After being clean probably two months or more from any real self harm, I didn’t have anything to use to take the anger out on myself with. I broke a pen thing and cut up my legs in the bathroom while I was texting the crisis line (which I thought was confidential). I ended up saying that I was gonna kill myself that night and that I was thinking about it which I was. It’s the closest I’ve been, but apparently then they called the school police and I was locked up done there until the social worker and my mom were there and they basically gave me no choice but to go to the hospital. I cried so hard and begged to go home but no one listened.  So I’m definitely not going to reach out for help again:) fuck that, I got attacked for that shit. "	sw
"Not feeling great of course, that’s why I’m here. I’m not too great at titles. I really don’t want to be here. I have thought about taking my life in the past, but that’s all it’s ever been, just a thought. I don’t think I’m capable of it. But all of these feelings and thoughts I experience are so painful. Also Knowing that people close to me can treat me however they want with no remorse or consideration of my feelings. Just reassures me, I don’t matter. Im not a lovable person.  On another note I feel so bad for hating life. When there are people happy with less than what I have. People who are fighting much great battles than I can even imagine. People who love life and want to continue to live it but are dying. I just wish I could give them my life. At least they’ll be enjoying themselves and putting this life to good use. Unlike me, I’m a mess. "	sw
"Why do people care about me Honestly why, I know that my family cares about me, and I have one or two friends, but I can't understand how anyone could tolerate this thing. I hate people giving me compliments because I disagree with them so much and don't even see how I could be a decent person, let alone the shitstain I think I am. I know that this is a stupid thing to bitch about, other people here have parents that just don't care at all, and have much worse problems than I do. I'm just a selfish self-centered cunt, and that just makes me want to end it even more. If I can't appreciate people who care, why even bother sticking around just to eventually hurt more people when they try to get close. I don't feel like I can ever change. I've lacked motivation to do things for a while. I was decent at swimming, quit that. I was decent at school, now have shit grades. I keep consciously doing these things that I know will just dig the hole deeper but keep doing it anyways because I hate myself. I don't even envision life out of high school because I don't think I won't kill myself by then. Actually being someone and taking on responsibilities and living life scares me. I pretty much stick to myself, which is why I barely have any meaningful friendships (which I'm tearing apart pretty quickly), so I probably come off as a arrogant narcissistic asshole who thinks he's too good to talk to everyone else. I think I'm an asshole, but it's not because I think highly of myself. I'm either scared of talking to people or just don't care about others, either way I loathe one of my most basic personality traits. I think about being ""normal"" a lot, but I really just don't want to be myself, because I know there is no ""normal"". People tell me that I'm a good person because I'm not a dick to people, but not being bad doesn't inherently make you good. It just means you lack the spine to have a strong opinion on anything, and are just an empty husk drifting through life. I could spew out more bullshit for internet strangers to see, but my class ends in five minutes. Probably going to do it soon. Or maybe I won't, I'm a pussy who will probably get scared at the last minute anyways. "	sw
"Anyone feel overwhelmed by things they wanna try in life but don't have enough time ? I am sad. I found another thing I wanna try which is home cafe art. Yesterday I was obsessed by costume making and creating prop settings for shoots. I wanna get good at digital art, craft making, cooking. I wanna get good in a couple of  circus disciplines. I want to perform on stage with cosplays. I want to do dance covers. I want to get better in pole. I want to travel. I wanted to make the design of books. I want to do paper art. I wanna start rollerblading. I want to get good in photography. Film too. Video editing AMVs. I want to play the piano again. I want to be fluent in 3 other languages.   And the list go... I hate giving up on things but I know being scattered all over the place doesn't make you an expert. How do you get over this? What do you want to do too?   Also I can't imagine how many dreams people gotta give up when they start having kids. Ugh."	cc
"Has anyone here done away with their smart phone due to privacy concerns? Since the Facebook/Cambridge Analytica scandal began, I’ve majorly backed away from Facebook by uninstalling it, Instagram, and Messenger from my phone and not accessing them via browser. I’m tempted to delete my account entirely, but the point seems moot when so many other apps (including Reddit)  collect your data as well. I thought one solution might be to move away from my smart phone all together (in order to reasonably reduce the amount of info I voluntarily/accidentally share due to the convenience of a pocket computer.) But maybe that’s a bit extreme. Which is why I’m wondering what your thoughts are on smart phones and/or what you know about protecting your digital privacy?"	cc
"My blind/lazy eye has been getting me down. I have been blind in one eye since birth and lately have been on the tinder train as most college students are. I posted my profile on the tinder subreddit and was told by one user that i would basically have more luck meeting women in real life than on the app. That me be a harsh reality but it really stings. I dont often get matches so they may be right. I dont think i am necessarily ugly either, maybe a bit young looking. I could probably post a few pictures if you all are curious. anyway thats my little rant, do any of you have any physical flaws or anything that have got you down? how did you overcome this? any good tinder stories?   TLDR: got a lazy eye that makes me a bit sad, how are you all doing?   https://imgur.com/N8HoPDk    "	cc
monday funday 5 q's day 1. are you often the last to leave?  2. where's work?  3. are you jumping into something with someone?  4. what's the first thing you look for in someone?  5. how do you take care of yourself?	cc
"I unsubbed here long ago, beliving that things were getting better. I was wrong, in a few hours i'll leave my home and walk up to the forest that i have nearby, and just listen to music and cry.  I will have a rope with me if i decide to end things which i most likely will. It's a scary thought, knowing that your life will soon just disappear.  I'm scared of what might happen afterwards, but whatever it is.. i rather have that than dealing with even more depression without any kind of help whatsoever.    ~~Atleast she's happy with her new boyfriend..~~   Bye all, good luck"	sw
"I have no reason not to do it. When I find the right rope, then it's lights out. I have no reason to live.  I'm 18, no job, no friends, just got into university with a shit score, no license, absolutely shit family.   All I fucking do all day is go on my phone and watch TV. That's all. I'm literally the most worthless useless piece of shit you can imagine. I don't matter to anyone, I'm a fucking failure.   Seriously, If I didn't get into university, I would have already killed myself already. I just got into it, with a score well below needed. I worked so fucking hard in year 12, but still got a shit score. I have depression too."	sw
I live in New Orleans and in the last couple months the city has put up on basically every street corner these flashing red and blue crime cameras. I feel like I’m living in some kind of police state. What do you think? I understand the positive impact of the cameras but I think the lights are too much. 	cc
"I survived my expiration date It's already the 6th of april in Germany. For years full of partly mild, partly heavy depression I thought, I would eventually go on the day Cobain died in the year I'm 27. Well, that was yesterday. I survived. It's not magically better as before, but it gives me hope. Doesn't matter what has happened, I'm still here. "	sw
"Fuck everything I just need someone to talk to that will kind of understand me or won't judge me. I'm tried it everything nobody cares about and doesn't want to talk to me I'm just a worthless, etc. Why the hell am I writing this nobody will read this I just don't give a shit anymore it's been a year since my 1st attempt. Why am I still writing this I'm just talking nonsense. I'm still planning to do this plan still but now I bought the materials for my plan. NOBODY GIVES ANY SHIT ABOUT ME OR ANYONE. After school I'll try to hang myself.  Edit: I already knew it nobody I already done been done for years then what's the point of doing any of this or anything?"	sw
"I felt so embarrassed. So I was at the drive through at a fast food restaurant. I was ordering (and the guy serving me already sounded upset) and all of a sudden I hear a horn blaring. I thought it was the person in back of me, and I was on the verge of getting out of the car. Then the person in my passenger side was like, ""Um, you may want to get off of the horn"". I realized I was leaning on the horn and was so embarrassed. I can't imagine what the person in back of me was thinking. Also on top of that, the guy serving me sounded so upset (even more than before) and he was just like, ""Just come up to the next window"". I then when up and he didn't seem too pleased... Just another moment to add to my drawer of embarrassing moments. "	cc
"Gained 10lbs over easter So in the past 13 months I have lost 230lbs, I have changed my entire eating habits and learned what is actually healthy vs what I thought was healthy.  Well this past weekend on Saturday my wife and I went out with friends of mine from work.  I got a burger with fries, while still under my calorie goal I gained a few pounds.  Then on Sunday it was Easter so I had ham, potato salad, mac salad, and one deviled egg.  I was over my calories by only a few hundred calories.    The next day I weighed myself and had gained 8lbs over the weekend.  Then yesterday I kept to my plan and worked out like usual and this morning I gained about 1.6lbs for a total of 9.6lbs gained.    This is more weight gained in a weekend than what I have lost in over 2 weeks.  It is driving me insane and actually makes me want to break down and cry, I feel like all that hard work over the last few weeks were for nothing.    I know I didn't eat an extra 30K calories and its mostly water/salt but fuck does this suck.    Is anyone else going though the same thing?   Anyone watching their weight and now fretting over weight gained during the holiday weekend?  "	cc
"One of my students said he will cry when I leave. I'm a student nurse and had a placement in a paediatric setting. One of my patients and I instantly developed a bond - I love working with him so much. Anyways, one week before I left, I warned him that I would be leaving to go back to school. He refused to believe me. He's only 6.   Before I left, I reminded him that I wouldn't be here next week. He said, ""I will cry"", and my heart melted. He gave me a hug and we departed.  Kids are so darn cute and I wish I could keep him!!! "	cc
"If not for my family I would be dead Honestly. The only thing stopping me from killing myself is my family. I know how it would crush them. My mom probably wouldn’t make it through, it would hurt her so much and she’s been through enough. I don’t want to fuck up my sister any more than the world already has. I don’t want to create that pain and emptiness in the hearts of my aunt and uncle. I don’t want my grandma and grandpa to live long enough to have their grandchild die like that.  They are the only reason.  If they were all to just forget I existed, or disappear, I would be jumping of a building by now or something.  So I guess I’m not suicidal. Because I know I couldn’t do it.  But that’s the only reason I have my ended my life.  I couldn’t be so selfish as to leave them with so much pain. "	sw
"Dark thoughts 23m Hi, I'm not sure whats wrong with me. I've been having some pretty dark thoughts recently. I own a gun and found myself yesterday honestly entertaining the idea of offing myself. I honestly didn't trust myself. Something in my mind was urging me to ""just do it, let's see what it feels like, let's see what'll happen"" it feels like, my hands were getting really sweaty, and i started panicking because a part of me was legitimately considering it. Once I snapped out of it i was/still am to an extent terrified of MYSELF..  had to take it to my friends house and leave it there.   I've heard of ""call of the void"" before and that sounds like that's exactly what it is. I've been having this a lot more recently. And i think i might know why... See, I was always a bit of an anxious/depressed person, a recent cancer diagnosis (it was caught very early i will be fine) turned it into overdrive. I've been a mess lately and I've been having more destructive thoughts than usual. Thoughts of like ""you know you could straight up kill this person"" or ""you know you could just drive on the oncoming traffic full speed, why not"" every time i have thoughts like this I picture it happening, think of the aftermath/consequences, then I go into a mild panic attack. Feels like I'm going nuts.  I have a girlfriend, a great job, amazing family and I've never told them the thoughts that i have.  Where do i go for help? The episode with the gun... That was worse than hearing my diagnosis. not trusting myself for those 5 minutes terrify the shit out of me.  I've never been to a psychiatrist, or a therapist; and feel like i need help, this needs to NOT happen again. Does anyone have any advice on where i can start to heal? Should i see a psychiatrist first or a psychologist?    Thank you everyone."	sw
"Gonna try to hang myself today again, can you guys help me get some peace of mind with accepting death? I'm gonna try again. And this time I think i'm gonna succeed. I have a pretty good plan in place to stop my survival instinct, which has been my biggest hindrance in all my attempts thus far.  Now... the only hurdle I have to get over is accepting death and not letting the fear of whatever is after stop me from doing this. Could you guys help me with that? What do you think happens?   I really don't wanna get talked out of it. My life sucks, alot. My brain sucks, alot. It's not worth it to keep going on. I wish i could be happy, but it won't happen. And i'd rather just exit this world... in the most peaceful way possible"	sw
Going to restaurants by yourself? I was just wondering what other people's thoughts are on going to get food by yourself?   My friends tend to think it's odd that I sometimes go to restaurants on my own. Personally I don't understand why it seems like a weird idea to them.	cc
"A bit sad Hi everyone, I'm sorry I'm posting this here, but I really don't have anyone to talk about this.  I'm friends with a lot of people in the military, and of course I know these people get transferred a lot.  I'm out of the country for a couple of months and I was hoping to see my whole group of friends reunited.   Turns out my first friend from that group (also the guy I fancy) it's being transferred way before time and someone broke the news to me just yesterday. Also another friend with his wife (whom is a good friend as well) might get transferred before time too.  They are very special people in my life and makes me a bit blue to see them go like this.  Edit; I just realised one of those friends had a minor accident on a plane on Monday (he's Air Force) and the next day on our whatsapp group he said: ""I love you all very much"".  I just realised that and it hit me like a bucket of very cold water  Thanks for reading and I hope everyone has a nice day, and sorry for the rant.  Xx. "	cc
When you turn to this subreddit cause you are tired of spam messaging your friends Can we just like start a convo so I don't feel so lonely.. Kinda pathetic I know but.. eh who knows?  Have anybody here seen Last man on Earth?	cc
"Friday is my last day alive What more is there to say, after I come off stage for the final time, after I have said goodbye to everyone in the room and anyone watching the stream or the video, I am going to end my life, not in front of everyone as a spectacle, but quietly somewhere private and meaningless, so that if my note is found quickly, at least I will have time to die.  Goodbye Reddit "	sw
"My ex threatened to commit suicide in April He always talked about how his thoughts on suicide were ""different"" from other people's... That he didn't think dying was that big of a deal. He told me several times and seemed extremely serious about killing himself this April. I eventually coaxed him into going to therapy last year, but after a month of sessions he said the therapist had judged him to not be a risk and managing well. Now I'm pretty sure he was either lying to me or to his therapist. After therapy he still talked about committing suicide and had picked a date- the 15th, IIRC. There is a no-contact order between us imposed by the school as there were a lot of issues between us at the end of our relationship ( he was also my boss on a huge project), so I can't contact him or his friends or family. There are professors that I think I could tell. Maybe the Dean of Students as well who worked on the sexual harrassment case between us. He really did screw me over last year and fucked me up emotionally but I don't want him to do this to himself. I know it sounds like he was a manipulative person in general and people often use suicide in their manipulation, but I have a terrible feeling he actually meant this. I don't know where to turn."	sw
"That's it. I've reached a dead end.  There's nowhere to go from here.  I've done my best.  I worked my ass off at my job, putting in 60 hour weeks for years on end and it's come to nothing. I tried really hard for a meaningful fulfilling relationship for many years and I'm now single with no prospects.  I'm old now, and too tired and worn to do it all again.  I'm sick of life.  It holds no mystery or excitement for me any more.  It's just a dull grind as I get older, physically and mentally weaker, and less relevant to society and even those I've called loved ones.  In chess when you see that you've lost, you resign--there's no need to play out every tedious move of an inevitable conclusion.   Bye, guys.   "	sw
Just need to know someone is there I struggle to ask for help at times. Am going through a bit of a rough time with anxiety and stress right now. I’m driving myself crazy in my own head. Just needing to know someone is out there. Just needing some virtual company and some distraction.   How do you keep it all together? 	cc
I improved my style and I'm proud of myself.      One of my resolutions when starting the new school year last fall was to dress better. That's a broad thing but basically it meant cutting out my Batman and Star Wars shirts aka all of my shirts.       For shoes it was getting new shoes cause I wear my shoes in till the soles come off and then some. So I bought some Vans and Converse with my first paycheck.       Overall I'm really proud of taking this part if my life and changing it for the better in my opinion. I'm proud of what I wear and I really do feel better and more confident!	cc
"Attempted suicide with 100-200 DPH pills, booze, probablyl benzos and other gabaergics and ended up with a grand-mal Seizure, ended up tortured in the hospital. REAL THREAD HERE:  https://www.reddit.com/r/OutcastswithinAliens/comments/8apw8o/attempted_suicide_with_100200_dph_pills_booze/"	sw
"School sucks. I'm stressed out about fucking school. Makes me want to die. Sure, an education is important, but my mental health is probably more important. And school is not fucking helping. I can't do this shit anymore. These teachers won't let us fucking relax.  edit: just wanted to clarify, i'm in middle school.  Edit 2: I'm feeling much better now guys, thanks for the support!"	sw
"I just let a random kid into my house To set the scene a bit, I'm a barely adult girl, home alone and it's hailing. I see this kid outside walking home from school and he's shielding himself from the hail. ""Lol that sucks"" I think to myself.   The hail stops and turns into snow so I just go back to chilling on the couch when I see this kid start walking up my driveway ten minutes later.   My dog is barking at the front door and I contemplated not answering the door but I did anyways. The kid asks me if I have a phone charger so I grab one and let him in so he can figure out what house his girlfriend lives in.   I try to make small talk with him but I really have no idea how to talk to young people so it's super awkward. I also can't stop thinking about those black eyed children myths and wonder if I'm about to get murdered by a seventh grader.   I guess eventually he gets his girlfriends address, says thanks for the charger, and peaces out.   The strangest thing about this is that he chose to come to my house,  it doesn't even look like anyone is home. Lights are off, garage is closed, and the tv isn't even on. He didn't even ring the doorbell, just stood there waiting. I'm a bit weirded out tbh "	cc
"Do you ever wake up thinking there’s someone in your room who shouldn’t be? Every couple of weeks I wake up in the middle of the night believing there’s an intruder/s in my bedroom. Not always something malicious, but always kinda off (obvs they shouldn’t be there) and sometimes awkward (I sleep naked and I don’t want them to see me).  Sometimes I’ll get out of bed to check there’s no one there  - after a bit I wake up enough to realise I was dreaming. Sometimes I’ll just raise my voice and tell them to get out, which is more concerning because I dunno if my housemate hears.  Does anyone else have weird “waking dreams” like this?"	cc
"Self-medicating to keep from killing myself So, I’m newly diagnosed with a pretty bad case (wtf does a good case look like?) of Bipolar 2 (heavy on depression, light on mania). I also have PTSD. Right now, I don’t think I can function in normal society. I keep trying, but if I’m Manic, I make shitty life choices and ruin my life. If I’m depressed, I will try to kill myself (three times and counting). So, when I’m manic, I take a light dose of Benadryl to dull my brain. When I’m depressed, I take a heavy dose to sleep so I don’t kill myself. Like, this is where we’re at right now. I’m self-medicating just to survive.  Obviously I’m not on real meds yet. My therapist has this stupid as fuck “well, let’s wait and see” approach, and waiting and seeing is totally ineffective. I think she’s afraid I’ll try to OD, but my best friend is a psychiatric nurse and would help keep me safe from myself for as long as it took for me to get “balanced”. She has already offered this outright.  Been casually looking at guns again and trying to plan my funeral, so I’ve self-medicated again. Considering smoking a bowl, too, but idk how Benadryl interacts with cannabis.   I’m supposed to be in college, right? Getting my degree, working, writing my books on the side. But I. Can’t. Function. I have these EXTREME mood swings out of nowhere, all my emotions are turned up to 11, I can’t make good decisions by myself, and I’m really fucking up.   I don’t think I’d qualify for any government funding just for being bipolar, but I keep quitting jobs during manic episodes and getting fired or dropping out of school in depressive ones. Like, I am legit one bad move away from being homeless. And it’s only gotten worse. I’m 22, and everyone keeps telling me this disorder gets worse with age.  Idk what I’m gonna do. But I feel like killing myself, sooooo that’s my immediate concern."	sw
Pets and/or electronics I am currently setting up my breadboard with my PSoC and an MPU... and my cat is constantly trying to push my electronics off my desk :p  How are your electronics/pets doing?	cc
"Can you ever reconnect with an old passion? I have this bad habit of exhausting my favorite things because of overexposure. I can become easily obsessed with things and then drop them suddenly and lose interest. However, what's tearing me down is that I have special things that I can no longer enjoy because I used to be so obsessed with them that they've lost their magic. For instance, I used to listen to certain bands so much that now, even though I consciously like them (I like the lead singer's voice, I like the genre, I like the structure of their songs, etc) I cannot enjoy them anymore because of having listened to them obsessively. The worst thing is, it can happen with people as well. For instance, I fell out of love with my partner of 2 years not because he wasn't the one, but because I was an obsessive asshole and the relationship started to become a burden and a routine. Now we're just friends and I care about him a lot, but I know my feelings for him will never be as strong as they used to be, because that's how things work in my brain. I go through similar phases with my hobbies, not being able to stick to something for a long time. I used to play guitar and paint but they no longer bring me joy now. This is how I am wired:   Become slightly interested in something/someone > Become obsessed > Suddenly lose interest   &nbsp;  I am curious whether you can really rekindle love or not. Maybe you can, with time? Has anyone experienced this? These are more recent examples, so maybe my feelings will change in a few years from now? I don't know. What do you think? Is passion/love something you can rekindle with time, or once you lost it, you lost it for good?"	cc
"Waiting to say goodbye I've been suffering from depression for about 7 years I think. As time passed by, things only got worse and worse. It started as continued sadness, loneliness and crying.. and now I started cutting myself (forearms), have a plan on how to kill myself and I'm taking more than 12mg of benzo's a day just not to feel anxiety and to finnaly sleep (taking the pills from my parents, behind the back, they don't know about cutting/pills).   For some reason, I feel like I don't want to get help. I was hospitalized for 4 months 2 years ago, had counseling for who knows how much time, was taking Xanax, Zoloft and 2 other meds whose name I don't remember.   I just want to die. I pray for it litterally. Just end this please. Yea I know, life doesn't always suck, but it isn't the way I want it to be, in a way I can see myself happy. I forgot how that feels. Can't get anyrhing I want just because life doesn't work that way. By the way, I'm not blaming life for my misery, this is all because of myself,.my wishes, dreams and percepcion. But, how can you change what a person desires? How he sees things? What he wants? What attracts him? No amount of pep talk can do that.. That's why I think that I can't be helped, and I guess that's what this  feeling of ""not wanting help"" means. The feeling that you can't be fixed. That you are broken forever.  I need to go and get admitted to a hospital as soon as possible (so I can get some meds to ease my pain), since I'm cutting a lot lately and I think I'm in danger of going with my suicide before than I should. My goal for my life is to outlive my parents and then go with my plan of suicide. That's the only thing. I know I can't be happy, I even forgot what that means. Just to minimise the trauma and the stress so I can endure this life untill they are gone. Won't be so long, sincs they both have over 67 years. I hope I can endure about 20 years more, that's my life goal now, my meaning.   Can't believe I'm gonna say this, but I hope they die soon, as peacful as possible. After that I can finnaly have what I cried for.. peace.  I prepared everything, two possible methods, equipment, note in the drawer, things I'll gi e my friends since I won't be needing them. Everything is in place, just waiting for it's time.  How much worse can life get, when it's starts to be just enduring the awful stuff.. just survival? When hope of living happy dies, and all that's left is a prisoner, just waiting for his execution day."	sw
"I’m sorry I’m so sorry, I have to go off for a while, I know I keep saying it but I have to make sure you’re all okay, I don’t want any of you in danger, but it’s making my depression and anxiety worse, so I’ve got to get better before I can come back, I feel like absolute rubbish, and a piece of shit, I just want to help                                    Edit: I don’t feel worse because of any of you, so please don’t think think that, it is because of me, and nothing at all to do with your problems, so please don’t think that, it isn’t the case. "	sw
"Pain I have tried to laugh away the pain. I've tried to throw it all away. I've tried to pretend the pain is not there. I've tried to forget the pain and despair. I've tried to pretend I don't have a hole inside. I've tried to fill that hole with so many lies. I've tried to fight and hope for the best. I've tried to try, but life just wants to lay me to rest. I've tried to not die, but now I feel it's time"	sw
"""You're shit"" and ""you're the shit"" have different meanings. What other sentences go from insult to compliment by just adding the word ""the""? INSULT: That guy is an asshole   COMPLIMENT: That guy is *the* asshole  Isn't shit still shit no matter what?   This can get very philosophical 😆"	cc
"a stupid fucking rant Sorry if this comes across as a jumbled mess but i need to vent, ive been thinking of and looking forward to dying more and more and more lately. I've been depressed since around 13-14, it usually comes in waves lasting a couple of weeks every few weeks and i've coped with it reasonably, starting to smoke weed was the biggest help in years. Then i started working, at first night shifts that paid decently and didn't have much interaction with people. I could put my earphones in and work through the night, but the longer i worked there the harder it was to keep doing the same tedious grind night after night. A couple of years ago I moved to england with my partner while they study at uni. we both work in different retail jobs as well to cover rent and other bills. She has a promising future in her field and i'm happy for her, but I have no prospects aside from more retail. I work 4 days a week in 8 to 10 hour shifts and this already is more interaction with people than I can take without being completely mentally drained and left utterly fucking depressed by the end of each week with just enough respite to force myself through it again. Since starting this job my waves of depression have become longer lasting and closer together, I've been drinking heavier and heavier and now i drink at least 70 units a week, by the end of my shift it's all i can do to numb myself and quiet the mental loop of ""this is your life, you'll do this ten thousand times over before you have any hope of retiring"". At this point i just want my liver to give in already, my hope is that once i have the finality of a slow painful death in front of me then i'll finally have the motivation to actually kill myself quickly, until then I'm just becoming even more miserable and angry every fucking day. I've always tried to be rational and not assume the worst in people but since starting my job in england i can feel myself becoming increasingly racist and that only makes me hate myself even more. I dont want to say that all middle eastern people are assholes but every single fucking piece of shit customer that seems to have woke up that morning with the sole intent of finding me and being as huge a pain in the ass, as rude as fucking possible and outright fucking retarded has been middle eastern. the more i deal with them the more stereotypes i see apply. today i chewed my gums to the point of blistering trying not to scream at yet another middle eastern customer who was doing the typical ""suddenly i don't speak english"" routine. I dont know how much longer i can keep doing this before I stop trying to drink myself to death and just put a broken bottle in my throat. what the fuck am i supposed to do when i have no ambitions and im too fucking lazy to put the effort or time or money into some form of higher education that i'd only burn out and fail at? most of my days off i can barely force myself out of bed even after hours of lying awake, several days i feel like im fucking paralysed from the neck down until 2 or 3 in the afternoon when my body finally responds and gets up. i didnt want to be born and i dont want to go through death but i dont fucking want to exist. rant over i guess, wish i could say it felt good to vent but i only feel worse, at least i stockpiled drink for the weekend by my bedside so i dont have to walk to the off license.  if your family has a history of depression dont have kids, dont fucking do this to someone, it's cruelty to create a life knowing damn well they'll only want it to end.  sorry for the shitty formatting and generally fucking stupid nonsense ranting, guess i cant even fucking vent right"	sw
"Double whammy...wisdom tooth infection plus either a cold or a sinus infection. Keep me company? Long story short a better part of my mouth from the inside is swollen, can’t eat(hell I can’t even open my mouth) this intense throbbing pain on the side my face.....GOT DAMN...i broke my foot in 3 places and that was nothing compared to this. Then the cherry on top....I got a sinus infection or I caught a cold...I went to my local ER but they were more concerned about the wisdom tooth infection. I feel like complete crap....feel free to talk to me if bored. You can ask me random stuff also. Ps....I got some kick a$$ pain meds as a consolation prize"	cc
"I’m having a good day! I ended up going to a party a few nights ago with a couple friends. I think we all got close to blackout drunk and ended up playing truth or dare.  Long story short I ended up getting my first kiss! Even though it was through a dare it was still pretty cool. It wasn’t exactly what I expected, maybe cause I was drunk but still neat.   What’s something exciting that’s happened in your lives recently?"	cc
How do you think the world would be different if the internet was invented in the industrial age? What do you guys think would change? With we be more advanced now? Would everyone be even more interconnected?  Would a couple of wars or something not have happened?  Whatchay'all think?	cc
"I will never accept myself. I will live in agony my whole life, Is it really worth it? Suicide will be a great release for me. I think about it every day actually. But I don't have anything to kill myself with. Don't know what to do..."	sw
I make everyones lives harder. 	sw
"What I stuggle with most, is what’s the point of living? I feel so pointless and such a drain on the world. If I died, if wouldn’t matter. It would be a good thing. Live space for others who want to live. Right? Edit: ‘Leave’ space for others instead of ‘live’"	sw
no one actually cares my best friend said he’s only friend with me so i dont kill myself. he said our friendship feels forced. he says im too negative for him to he around. i feel like im being punished for having depression. no one can handle me or even wants to deal with me. why am i even here. 	sw
"Picked a date, struggling to even make it that far. I'm 22. Grad student, first year and fresh-smack-dab out of undergrad in a city I don't know with people I don't know, and everyone I love across state lines and time zones.  Everything is stupid blurry and I feel like time is eroded me, I can't make connections with new people and my old connections are wasted away. I keep thinking ""let me go back to a year ago, when I mattered, when I was someone"" but I'm scared that a year ago I was just as goddamned worthless and stupid as I am now.  I picked a date. A if-it-doesn't-get-better date, a date where I did everything I could and I tried everything (therapy: tried but no dice, social worker: no luck, medical doctor, medicine, everything everything) and I'm so tired. But that day (is it a week away, almost) seems so far away and I don't even want that sunset coming above the horizon.  I'm cold and I can't eat and I hardly sleep and everything is so worthless and I'm so worthless and everyone is gone, sick of me, friends left and who am I who am I who am I who am I"	sw
Challenge: Come up with an alternative to my current career. Police officer with almost 18 years on the job. Slowly coming to the realization that I’m completely burnt out with dealing with the worst that our society has to offer. Looking to make a career change...here’s the challenge: Very limited work history other than policing (started when I was 21) and only two years of college with no degree. Good luck!!	cc
"I feel like I'm rotting from the inside out I've been depressed and anxious all of my life but been feeling very suicidal for the past year or so. I feel so ashamed and embarrassed about being such a fuck-up and wasting so much damn time in college. I cannot stand the pressure from my family to fucking finish my bachelors degree and get a fucking job. I never asked for them to move here because now I have all of this pressure to do everything perfectly and be this fucking success story to appease their stupid ''american dream''. I am full of raging hate for them and everyone around me but I am barely holding it together these days. I have reached my breaking point several times but haven't pushed myself to end it all because I want it to be a quick and painless end. I used to think that running away and changing my name and identity was what I wanted(which still sounds appealing) but even then, it's not enough to keep me going in life. Every day that I am heading to school, all I think about is stepping in front of that god-forsaken train. There aren't any railings and I have worked my way up to standing at the edge but I cannot jump so I just stand there and hope that at least one person standing next to me will just push me. "	sw
"Last call of sorts I used to think nothing in my life could get worse, that it was as bad as it possibly could get. That was summer of 2017 to winter 2017. Now into 2018 I have been brought the brunt of my wishes, everything has gotten somehow worse. I’ve been kicked out of my house, struggling to find a roommate or even a place to stay, I’m giving up education to avoid homelessness atm, as well as cut off from health insurance. I already am employed constantly since I was 17 & now 19 with 3 part time jobs and full time school. I am barely making half 1k a month on part time, even though this is somewhat of a headstart against my financial costs that are being dumped on me at once, I am also 2k in debt thanks to ONE trip to the ER last fall. My relationship with my significant other, who I depend on since I’m isolated from others due to me never being able to enjoy life as a person, is falling apart. I’ve relapsed in nearly every realm of the word I could relapse. I’m lamenting this on a forum for some sort of condolences that I am unable to get anywhere else. Trust me I’ve tried to reach out.  I’ve contemplated suicide more often than I have actually done anything in my responsibilities. I just want a confirmation that somebody even if I don’t know them, cares about me, somebody that wants to help me. If not, then it ought to be my time to leave."	sw
"Received advice from a stranger. I got talking to a bloke on a plane journey about what I'm doing with my life and he gave me some really sound advice about my situation and wrote me out some notes about my positive traits and all the things that I could and should do.  Simply the fact that a complete stranger took the time just to be a really genuine person has made my year. For the first time since quitting uni, I am genuinely excited to have no idea what I plan on doing with my life yet.  I find it wonderful how a random coincidence can change your outlook on life, I feel honestly positive after years of depression and stressing myself out.  How is everything with you, any little things that have made your day that much better?"	cc
"I want to attempt and fail, and I want people to know about it. I’ve come very VERY close to attempting suicide multiple times in my life, but I’ve never quite been able to go through with it. For the last few years I’ve been less actively suicidal, and instead I just really want to fail an attempt and be admitted to hospital so everyone will finally take my mental state seriously instead of just assuming I’m a bit anxious or lazy. I don’t want that kind of attention, but I need everyone, especially my school, to understand."	sw
"I'm a failure so I'm going to hang myself in 2 hours I really thought by this point in my life I'd have done something with my life. Anything at all. But instead, I've spent the past 3 years since I graduated college living at my Mom's house working the same minimum wage job every single day. I have no connections, no friends, no car, no prospects. I have absolutely no future to live for. I can safely say that at 23 I'm a complete failure and I will always be a failure. So I've decided I'm going to hang myself in my bedroom 2 hours from now when nobody's home. "	sw
"second post i posted last night, but they never published it.  its okay.  it needed to be said, not read.  i havent slept in 2 weeks, and when i wrote it i was very very very drunk trying to sleep.  i realized i forgot to tell someone it isnt their fault at all.  my brain doesnt work normally, and all my tries at getting medical help led to a psychiatrist who told me they didnt have time to review my mental health record, medicine is a placebo, and they would reccomend one of the medications that had previously resulted in a suicide attempt.  i begged them to speak to my team, but they told me i was a drug addict, and if i didnt want to try the medication they were pushing on me, i could leave.  Im done trying.  I just need to tell that person it isnt their fault, but i cant access hangouts because i left my phone, knowing they would use it to track me. I gave myself until this age, and now the time is here and I just need to sleep.  my neurology is all wrong.   my brain never shuts off.  never.  and the one new medication that actually helped me is completely denied to me, on all the many times i tried.  today, i reached out to my old doctor, and someone was going to send it to me.  i asked if they could fax it, but the pharmacy aid the doctor had to do it from his office.  they were closed when the person got back.  I told them it was going to be okay, that we did our damndest.  I didnt tell them they gave me the happiest moments of my life.  For 5 years i finally had a place to say i belonged in.  i was loved and cherished, but my brain doesnt shut off.  i can manage with my meds, but i havent had them in 3 months, and now, these past two weeks, nothing works.  nothing works.  no one wants to waste their time looking into my history, and i cant go through the pain of them playing with my meds again.  i just wish i could access hangouts and let them know it isnt their fault at all.  my brain was never wired right, and this has always been inevitable.  i told them this often, but people dont believe honest people when they say that.  and now im almost to my destination, and i cant even tell them it isnt their fault for breaking up with me.  i cant sleep.  i cant do this all over again, after the 7 years of hard fight every day just to try and seek help so i can try.  im exhausted.  i just wanted to tell them that, and now i cant even do that.  thank you for reading, and i hope he comes across this and knows its me.  i just needed to sleep.  i just want to sleep."	sw
"The Only Thing Stopping Me Is That I’m A Coward I would be dead by the end of this morning if I wasn’t. I already would be, even.  I have a well laid out plan, that I can, and might, go through with. It would be so easy. I hate life, and yet something in me forces me to keep going, and I hate it. I would be happier if I could just die, but I can’t.   This entire night has been Hell. A rollercoaster of tunnels and sunlight while I contemplate whether I should end it all.  I am, after all, worthless. Human life has no intrinsic value. I can’t do anything. I’m forgetful, everyone hates me. I said, recently, that I changed my mind about doing it. I won’t, I said. I learned something though.   If you feel better, you’ll probably feel worse in just a couple days.   I’m ready to die, I have it all planned out. It could happen. 6:20 this morning. I just want to be dead, but there’s no easy way to have that aside from aging."	sw
"Matter of time I have to talk myself out of suicide every night. I cry myself to sleep all the time. I've been clinically depressed for years and it's only getting worse. I'm posting here as basically a last resort. I know I'm going to do it one day soon but this small part of me wants things to get better even though I know they won't. I've done countless hours of research on suicide and I know how I'm going to do it as well. If anyone is going to waste their time and comment with things like ""stay strong"" and ""things will get better"" please don't waste your time. Honestly, I don't even know why I'm posting here. I guess this is as close as I've ever gotten to talking to someone about it."	sw
"Why am I such a fucking idiot I could've just gone out without them even noticing anything was wrong. But no. I blew it.   Wenseday: I was angry at my mom. One of the daily fights I get in with her. I'm 30 minutes late to school and I have a migraine. I'm really pissed. So I lose control and write several poems about mass murderers, specifically Jeffery Dahmer, Ted bundy, etc . I read one out loud. Don't ask me why I did something so retarded. Anyway, I get sent to the principle. She says she's not going to punish me, but show my parents who were having a meeting with her tommorow (I've been diagnosed with depression by a doctor and my parents/school know). I told her my parents are going to get fucking pissed. She doesn't care. None of them do. Absolutely no one in that fucking school feels a thing about me other than disappointment and annoyance. They'd tell you otherwise. They're lying   Thursday: Some of the anger turns into sadness. By 5th period, I'm not functioning enough to think well. I cut right in the middle of class, and get blood all over my test. Teacher sends me to office. They tell me that I have to go with my mom, instead of my dad who I would much rather prefer, or they're going to call an ambulence. I've told them she's going to make it worse, but they don't care. She drags me to the hospital, and I wait 8 hours to go home and finally get some sleep I can never get, due to school starting early and me staying at my grandmas an hour away.   Friday: My mom lies and tells me some people from the hospital are coming and I have to go to her place. I tell her I don't want to, but she threatens enough so I can't bother to argue anymore. They never come. This leads to now. I honestly feel like I would kill myself if I had the chance. My mom keeps making it worse, and she won't let me get away from her. I hate everyone at school. Edgy, I know. But It's true.  I feel like doing something. Like sneaking into the woods and hanging myself. But I know I'm not going to do it. I'm going to keep sleeping all day, bottling up my feelings, and doing something stupid which fucks up my life for a few weeks. The cycle won't stop. I just want it to stop. I either want to kill myself, or turn my life around. Both seem like too much effort."	sw
"Why do people get so melodramatic on these posts? It's not the posters, it's the commenters. A lot of you are so helpful and I'm grateful but there are also a lot among you who comment nonsensical, irrelevant and frankly melodramatic comments. It's this pseudo-helpful stuff that probably came from a good place but just ends up clogging the comment section with rubbish.  ""Breathe, just breathe!""  ""Live!""  ""Keep on breathing! Deep breaths! Come on!""  ""Take a night's rest and you will see the light, I promise.""  Stuff like that. It's usually about breathing or living, anyway. Usually in the form of a saying or figure of speech. Like suicidal people would suddenly just forget to breathe? Or suddenly our heart just stops and all we can say is: ""Oh well, guess I forgot how to keep the ol' popper ticking. People did remind me to keep living, after all. Silly me!""   As I said, these comments probably came from a very good place, I just want to reinforce the fact that the stories of suicidal people are not emotional attractions for people to ride. We just want help, validation and support. We're not here for reminders that someone out there will love us, or reminders to breathe.    Maybe it's just me, perhaps I've gotten more bitter after years of feeling this way. I personally just don't find comments like that helpful. To me it makes you look like you're there to leech off of other people's misery so you can feel better about yourself, while still submitting low-effort ""helpful"" comments so you can make yourself believe that you did something good. If anything it makes me want to do it more.  To those that can't relate to this, those that know they genuinely care and always make sure their comments are heartfelt and lengthy. You are a great person and this is definitely not directed at you.   I just wish people would stop giving that ""light at the end of the tunnel"" bullshit while completely overlooking and gleefully ignoring the gigantic hurdle that someone just talked about. Positive thinking only gets someone so far.  Thanks for reading."	sw
"story time Bear with me. Im sure you can write a drama series with this.  My mother told me (recently) that when I was 5 years old my father was on the binge and called me a ""whipster"". She told me she never saw me cry so hard as a child. I become quiet and withdrawn.  I don’t remember ever hanging out with my dad. I do remember vividly my mom asking me not to tell kids at school that hes got a drinking problem. My mother tried to shield me from the abuse, she would lock me in my room along with my sister and we would blast loud music, or if it became worse we would run away to my grandparents house on the other side of the town. He wasn’t drinking all the time. He was an on/off alki.When he stopped the binge he would apologize to my mom and beg her to come back and she did because she loved him. I was bullied in school and my father would never step in, it was either my mom or my sister which seemed to make the matter worse for me. I never had any self esteem. When I was 10 I witnessed my mom having her head slammed against the ground by my father, in a delirious state, from an alcohol withdrawal. He denied everything after. It took my grandparents and my 15yo sister to pull him off her. Alcoholism is so common, I always tried to rationalise what was happening but it doesn’t change the fact the ordeal left me broken. Some days I would clutch my chest and chant “I don’t want to die” , must have been a sign of something.  My mother had been given an opportunity to work abroad for a better pay and she took it, promising to bring us over (lying to my father that she will come back) and left us. For one year everything seemed normal, but the next year we had found out that my father was cheating on my mom and had thrown us out. It was the very first time I stood up to him. I was so angry that he did that, that I demolished my room with spray paint before we left. I was staying with my grand parents after that. My father would often meet me and give me a lot of money. He tried to use me as a bargain chip in the divorce. I was 12. Something broke inside me about that time. I started to skip school (whole 2 months) and go to my fathers place to play computer games at his. I was found out and my grandparents were furious with me and with him. He didn’t care I didn’t go to school. I even met his lover at some point. I was really resentful with my grandparents that they argued with me every day and beat me from time to time. I think that was onset of my anxiety and depression. About that time I had my first and unrequited love. The pattern of humility and abandonment would continue despite my genuine feelings. I become a laughing stock of my school because of the school skiving, so leaving the country was a clean slate I needed. It turned out my mother had a serious car accident and needed a face reconstruction surgery. She was stopping tears at the phone when I begged her to take me over to her. The accident, the hopelessness, being away from family, the divorce and everything in between must have taken a toll on her and she was depressed too. She was very irritable and would somehow viciously take it out on me.  (break my xbox games etc) Moving country was everything I ever wanted, a dream come true. Everything was so different. I didn’t know English very well at the time  and because of my upbringing I found it I could not fit in very well. I insisted I did not need help from school, that I wil learn English myself. I eventually did but there were a lot of awkward conversations where either side was misunderstood. When I told my mom I couldn’t focus on my studies she would mock me so I stopped talking to her about my problems. She would often cry that I hate  her etc. On one hand she gave me a horrible childhood and upbringing. On the other hand she sacrificed her health and herself to provide for us. When I was 17 I fell in love with a girl who had a boyfriend, a typical friend zone scenario. She was the only girl in school that thought im not a total weirdo so naturally I started to like her.  I did love her sincerely and tried to do anything I could so she could change her mind about her boyfriend and me. She seemed to enjoy the attention and would sometimes fuel my jelousy by telling me about him. That driven me to suicide. I oculd not handle the rejection and humiliation. One day I told myself that I will tell her that I love her and if she doesn’t say she loves me back I will kill myself. She was late to class so I attempted suicide. I was quickly saved and admitted to a mental hospital. She did visit me and everything but after a whil ei decided to cut all ties with her realising how toxic that relationship was.  I failed my exams and was on the dole. History likes to repeat itself as I soon found out. .I didn’t  find any reason to live so I thought that by living for someone else, someone I fall in love with, I will find some kin dof newfound energy to carry on, to start to take care of myself. I know now it doesn’t work like that, which makes me even sadder, as it feels like a lost cause to carry on with my unhappy life. Fast forward a few years I started working and fell in love with a girl at work, who was emotionally unavailable. Noticing the pattern I decided to spare myself the pain and tried to commit suicide. She saved me from killing myself, but was very distant after that. About that time my mother was going out with a guy and it turned out he had an emotional baggage as well, as hi sfather was a heavy drinker.  He tried to be a father figure to me, but I didn’t need a father figure since I was 17-22 at the time. Especially  since he had such a twisted idea of being a father. He used intimidation tactics and was very manipulative. He would tell me im worthless and have no job and just a parasite, and then tell my mom we “talked things out”. Worst thing is nobody would believe me at the time since I would lie about the smallest thing just so they would leave me alone. But they did eventually. Funny how he moaned about me not having a job but when I eventually got it he found some  other excuse.  I was playing computer games when he pulled the internet plug demanding to know why I didn’t help him repair my mothers phone. I explained to him why but he wouldn’t take that for an answer and kept asking the same question. It was some kind of weird abuse tactic. When my mom came back from work she noticed what went down and slapped him. He shoved her on the ground so I threatened him and then he went for me. I was surprisingly calm. Like I was ready for this moment my whole life. Deep down I promised myself I would not let my family be hurt again this way. I kept him at an arms length without punching him and my mother and sister pulled him off me. Eventually he calmed down when he realised I told my mom to get the neighbours. Police came round and he got done for assault on me. We had to sell the house. Worst thing is I felt more distressed about the girl than having to fight my stepdad. I loved her so much, I tried everything in my power so that she would like me back. I never had any friends, so I would buy my  work colleagues souvenirs and stuff as a token of good will  but that only seemed to make them jealous that I get to go to usa and stuff. I feel worthless, empty, humiliated. I don’t belong anywhere. My genuine love was perceived as lecherous manipulation by the girls peers. Nothing bring happiness anymore in my life. I wish I were dead. I’m going to a therapist right now. But I’m not sur eif it will help. In the media men are often portrayed as fantasising about money, cars gadgets. I wish I had friends and someone I could rely on. A girl to cuddle. It gets worse every day. I no longer shave or shower. Im horrible to my family. I lock myself in my room and sleep after work . I didn’t ask to be born. Ill be patient and see what another day brings.  "	sw
"Does anyone here also enjoy listening to instrumentals? Not just the usual genres such as classical or jazz (although I do enjoy both of them), but also movies, gaming soundtracks, contemporary classicals, etc..   On Spotify, I often find myself in the ""Focus"" category just because most playlists there are instrumentals. Don't get me wrong, I do sometimes listen to songs with vocals too, but with instrumentals I'm not ""forced"" to listen to the lyrics, but just take in/get lost in the melodies or the sound of various instruments. To get a better idea of some stuff I listen to, I used to make heaps of playlists for specific mood/activities on 8tracks: https://8tracks.com/feenix00  Anyone also a fan of instrumental music here? :) "	cc
Only a few days left I can't do this anymore.  It's too much.  I don't want this.  I never did.  Only days left.  Finally I'll be gone.  I'll be free. 	sw
"I need some help please I have had suicidal thoughts for years. They ruin my day, and I feel they make a self fulfilling prophecy of sorts as they make me feel hopeless and unmotivated, making my feelings of having no future worse.  I don’t have any friends. I don’t think I have never been close to anyone, including my immediate family while they were still around.   I’m terribly socially inept, and no matter how prepared I try to be and make my best effort to make good first impressions, I fail and end up falling into my rut eventually.   I have constant suicidal thoughts all day, and have had serious contemplations close to a dozen times now. I feel I need help. Do any of you have any advice? "	sw
"Eternal Peace I think the time to go is approaching very very soon. The only time I feel at peace is if I'm asleep or distracted by video games or watching something. Nothing makes me happy anymore, I want to go. I wish I could just go with the flip of a switch, why does it have to be so hard?"	sw
"Absolutely fucking tired of this stupid shit. I know you all probably get this everyday but I'm really just tired of the lethargy and the loneliness of my stupid fucking life. Nothing works. I've tried so many things but I'm still a fucking no-love shitty neckbeard in front of a computer screen in a dark room. Everyday I wake up at 5AM and go to bed whenever I'm tired. My entire day is online. I don't go outside because I'm an absolute robot freak who can't utter an order at a cashier much less than carry on a conversation with a human being. I want to be normal. I don't like residing so much in these stupid machines. I'm too lazy to change it and I'm ready to just fucking get it over with. It's all just vapid anyway. Even if I went outside and functioned I'd still be sad and nothing would ever matter to me. I can't even have a proper relationship with anyone not behind a display. Not even my own parents. Everything's so fucking boring and empty and I just hate it all and I want to move on. I don't want this. This is absolute shit. I can't reside in much anymore to distract myself since all my real friends left me for being a pile of shit. There's no point to it anyway, though, because ultimately that's what everything is, a distraction. I'm not happy and nothing will ever make me that way. I just burn calories and sit in the dark. What a waste of a mind. I'm just so done. I can't do it. I'm sorry."	sw
"Dear everyone who is suffering like me Hi, first of all Im suffering from depression and i find everything boring and sad, and i basically lose pretty much all of the ability to feel happiness and enjoyment plus, I dont see the point for anything But i wanna help people too So just remember that you are loved and deserve to be happy (even though it doesnt seem like that but thoughts are just thoughts ultimately) Tbh i dont even know why i am recovering rn (im on antidepressant) :/ But i want everyone to keep in mind that “your life is worth living and everything has its good side” YOU GUYS ARE PRECIOUS AND LOVEABLE :)"	sw
I’m 16 and for 5 years I’ve tried and wanted to kill myself but I’m just to scared to go through with it I’m scared of the pain 	sw
I cannot be bothered to wash the dishes so I'm just throwing them out. Seriously I left them in there for so long that there are bugs and shit in there. My roommate is coming back soon and it's not fair to her to have them there. However it's just a huge hassle to clean and scrub the mold that's on them.   I guess I'm just throwing them out and getting a couple of plates from Dollar General. There's still a bunch of glasses and I just got a new set of pots and pans. I just have school and a million other things to do before the 10th.	cc
"Not sure I can fight anymore I woke up today with only racing thoughts of I want to die, I want to kill myself, I want to fall asleep and never wake up.   For the last week or so I’ve just been having these intrusive thoughts, painstaking physical symptoms of anxiety, and feelings of sadness and hopelessness and nothingness  I’ve been googling up easiest ways to kill myself and have only been comfortable with suffocating myself, trying to overdose on medication, or inhaling carbon monoxide. I hope I can make it through the rest of my days right now, but I just feel so defeated already. I’m ready to go.   My fight is over. "	sw
"[Question] Suicidal Thoughts, what are they actually like? TW: Violence, and suicidal thoughts?  Hi everybody, I just found this reddit and hoped I could ask a question? Specifically, what suicidal thoughts are actually like?  There are periods of time where I think about what it would look like if I killed myself. I would just think about how I would do it and imagine me doing it. I don’t think I would do it, but at the same time I feel indifferent about it. I’ve had a lot of thoughts like these over the last couple years, but for whatever reason I have been thinking about this a lot lately.  Depression runs in my family. I never saw a professional about it. Instead my Mom would say I have depression and give me her medication. But I never actually talked to a professional about it. I guess I’m wondering if these thoughts and fantasies are what suicidal thoughts actually are? Or if I’m just being dramatic?  Strangely Reddit is the only place I ever felt like I could be open about personal things. So thank you for any information you could give me. I already know you are all really wonderful people :)  TL;DR Idiot is being paranoid and asking a stupid question."	sw
"I quit smoking cigarettes almost a year ago and I still regret it. Hey guys, the cost of cigarettes were way too expensive in Australia, over $30aud per packet. That as well as people saying how much better they felt after quitting convinced me to try to quit. I was a pack a day smoker for 13 years. I haven’t had a single cigarette in 11 months.  I don’t feel any better/healthier, I feel like I’ve lost part of my identity as well as something that brought me joy.   The reason I haven’t started again, is because I don’t want to have to go through what I went through quitting the first time again, (quit cold turkey) it was horrible.   Am I the only one? Never spoken to anyone that regrets it. Will it get easier or better? I feel like 11 months is long enough to start feeling something positive for my decision, but I’m still not happy/regret it.   "	cc
"Unsure what to do I've been dealing with a lot of depression lately. I've been through counseling for it before with kind of mixed results. I've always had a lot of thoughts about death, but I've never really had suicidal thoughts I don't think. Lately, however I have been having them - to the point where I have a plan now. Actually 2 plans, but regardless I have plan. I don't have a time frame or anything. I just know how I would do it if I decided I wanted or needed to. A few weeks ago I finally got an appointment scheduled with a counselor again. I'm suppose to meet with her next Monday. I had decided that I was going to tell her when I met her, but now that it's getting closer I really don't know. I'm really scared about what will happen. I'm scared that she'll want to hospitalize me. I don't know if I can take that. I don't know if I would be able to look at my family and friends again if I go to the hospital. I honestly am fairly good at hiding my depression, so I think it would really catch everyone off guard. I think it would really hurt a lot of people if I ended up in the hospital. I just don't know if I should be honest from the go, or just ease into things. I don't have any immediate plans to kill myself. I'm wondering if it would be ok to try to get some other coping skills out of counseling before I tell her I'm having suicidal thoughts. I'm honestly just scared of what will happen if I do tell her, and I'm scared of  what will happen if I don't."	sw
"I'm gonna fail anyway Well, I'm in deep fucking shit. My depression got the best of me again, and it seems I will fail more courses. Never going to pass, never going to be in a relationship, and I'll never be happy. So, that leaves me in a somewhat precarious position eh? I'll fail out of engineering school, I'll die alone anyway, and overall just be a failure. My friends are pretty much gone at this point, I'll go days without speaking, and I let my body atrophy with a lack of exercise and a generous amount of cigarettes and liquor. OCD and depression control my life now. Been that way since grade school. Guess I had enough. Fine people's of the internet, I have no damn clue on what to do anymore. No motivation, no gratification, and no patience. For now though, I'll sleep. When I wake up, maybe I'll just take a nice stretch on some train tracks. Fuck everything, I'm done.    From the Heart, A fed up failure    PS: Maybe I'll surprise myself and have a will.to live tomorrow "	sw
"I have a ton of trouble opening apps by looking through their icons. I have never been super in tune with my vision and never been a fantastic artist... so I feel like that part of my brain is atrophied somehow. I know the icons are supposed to help you find things quicker (or maybe it's just branding, idk) but it overwhelms my vision and takes me forever to find the app I'm looking for. I'm much better at scanning for the name because my brain picks up on letters really well (anyone else get distracted when captions are on?). My phone used to have a feature where you could pull aside a search box to open an app, but now it only lists options to search on the web or pull it up in its app store!! The heck, man.  Anyways, kinda wanted to see if anyone here felt the same way!!  Have a good day everyone.... here's [a short video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HN1ygrDiq90) to get that started"	cc
I wish I wasn't such a pussy. I'm so fucking miserable I just want my pathetic excuse of a life to be over. But yet I don't have the balls to pull the trigger. Makes me hate myself even more than I already did. 	sw
"Anyone want to talk? I’m stuck on a plane, and would love to hear from some similarly bored redditers.   Tell me about something that’s going on with you, ask me some stuff, whatever works. I’m a mostly open book.    As a side note, it’s amazing that I’m flying through the sky in a metal tube and still have WiFi.   Also, any advice for finding your people at colleges is welcome, going off to that in a few months  But yeah, how’s it going Reddit? Let’s talk "	cc
"I want to kill myself 20 I had a lonely and depressing childhood and was an only child. Was raised by my mom who has borderline personality disorder and is very manipulating and neglectful. Never met my dad either. I felt so alone in my life, desperately wanting to be in someone else's shoes but instead, watching my life pass by as others lived theirs.   Since dropping out of college and moving in with my uncle, I've been thinking about suicide more each day. I have no support system and am extremely empty and emotionless. Think I might have aspergers too, not sure. Basically I'm almost ready to give up. To be done with trying to fix my broken self.  "	sw
How much Xanax can kill you ? 	sw
"I fucking hate you You're a fucking piece of shit, I don't want to fix microwaves, I just want to study and play and enjoy my break after what I had to do is that too much to fucking ask of you you bitch? Fuck off, you and the others are the reason I'm going to kill myself"	sw
"How do you handle sh*t at work? My co-worker just got promoted 2 levels, even though she wasn't qualified for 1 level up. I'm pissed because we had 3 great candidates for that position, but the hiring manager decided that none of them were good enough, so he promoted her. I am convinced that he is insecure (he's rather young for the position) and didn't want to hire someone who is most definitely more qualified that he is and would likely put him in his place. How do I not be a d*ck to them? I like my job, but now I report to them, and everything they do pisses me off. (it's only been 3 days too).  edit: clarity"	cc
"I want to talk about Hope The last thing one loses during a depression is hope. It may feel like you’ve lost everything, thrown it all away. At times it may feel like you fucked up your life on purpose, and sometimes it feels like you had no choice but to just stare at the monument of life as it falls down.   Either way, the fact that you are here means you have hope, at least the slightest amount, deep down inside. It isn’t your survival instinct, it isn’t the fact that you don’t want to hurt your family, or don’t have the courage to pull the trigger.  Your integrity keeps you alive in the end. Hope gives you the strenght to keep going, or at least stand still instead of laying down to die.  I have bipolar disorder, and I’ve pulled the noose around my neck a number of times. Even though we don’t see the light at the end of the tunnel, hope burns quietly in all of us. I stepped off the chair every time and I’m thankful I did.  As long as you’re alive, hope stands by your side. Don’t put pressure on yourself to do things that supposedly will make you ”feel better”. One day, you will wake up and find that you want to live.   Hope is beautiful. You are beautiful. Peace out."	sw
"Blood Soaked Sheets The thoughts of leaving this world come and go, but tonight they are consuming my mind.  As I lay here I contemplate taking the sharp razor to my wrists, cutting vertically to make sure that I can feel the blood pour from my arms, surrounding my body and soaking into my bed sheets. As I gaze up at my stars on my ceiling, feeling my body become lifeless finally taking my last breath. "	sw
"Tomorrow's the day! My mental illness finally won: I'm hanging myself tomorrow. I thought I'd be scared, but I'm looking forward to finally being at peace.  Bipolar disorder is no joke and I wouldn't wish it on my worst enemy."	sw
"This is my suicide note. I'll just start and say thank you to my two most caring friends, I loved you guys. You all helped me through my suicide attempt. I could say anything to you all. I opened up to one of you about being molested as a kid, and it felt so good to tell you. I can't express how grateful I was for you all. When I was with you all I felt cared for, and I didn't always have my guard up, I felt safe for once....  Red I'm so sorry, I know you had so much hope for me, you wanted to see me get out of where I'm at, you wanted me to get to California. I was so close to 16 and I could go get myself help, im just too fucking weak. Two years of serious depression has took all hope I had left. I hope you make sure you kids have a good life, please make it a million times better than mine was.  Lastly, thank you Reddit. You all on this website have mostly raised me since I was 12, y'all were my parents in a sense. You all made life not suck as much. I would get lost in here for hours just to escape... Special shout-out to r/drugs, you guys helped me to not overdose on accident, I would have died at 13 without you all.  Well, I guess this is the end. I hope if you are feeling down you can get help before you end up like me. Please stay alive like I couldn't. I love you all, goodbye for the last time."	sw
"Might be silly but I reached 250 subs on my YT channel and I am kinda proud of it. So in gamer years I am pretty old *(45)*, not saying I am old in life, just old for an active gamer. I run a Street Fighter, specifically Chun Li, channel on YouTube and I've been posted for years now.  At the beginning I didn't really have a purpose of posting other than just archiving what I thought were my cool matches so I didn't lose them. Eventually I started have a pretty big collection of content but still no one was really watching and I don't particularly blame them... It was a random dude playing a game at a pretty mediocre level.  The latest version of the game came out a little more than two years ago and I have been posting matches as I leveled up. In all it's nerdy glory, I have reached Diamond rank in SFV. Not an incredible feat for thousands of players but at the same time, it means I am in the top 2% of players in the world. And my matches kinda chronicle that journey.  The higher the rank has netted more views and on top of that I have been discovering tech within the game and sharing when I could. Lastly I have captured games beating some of the best people in the world.  So here I am, I am probably playing Street Fighter the best I ever have in my life *(after 30 years of playing)* and my channel has the most viewers it ever has. And as small as that is to probably so many streamers and channels... I am kinda proud of it.  *EDIT:* **WOW!!!**  Crazy way to wake up with so many responses in my inbox! I think I got back to everyone! Sorry if I missed a post and thank you so much for the words of encouragement and congratulations!"	cc
"Trying to get better, but can't. I must not be trying hard enough. Or maybe I'm not trying at all. I've been seeking treatment for a real long time, and I feel like very little has improved. Medicines don't even help me. I'm such a parasite to family and friends. I tried to seize opportunities and options, like going back to school, volunteer, so on, but it's just all overwhelming to me. I've been so depressed with suicidal thoughts that I barely leave my room these days. I can't talk to my family about my problems, because they'll just say it's cowardice, I'm selfish and seeking attention. I was told by them one time that no one likes a depressed person. Also, I've been avoiding them, to avoid any further injury and such.  Life has never been kind to me. I've faced failure and disappointment so much that I'm too scared to even try, because I'm afraid everything will just hurt me again. Everything about my mental illness and what caused my mental illness convinced me that I'm the ultimate failure, and everything about that just makes me feel worse and worse. As if my family making me feel worse isn't enough. I really don't try hard at all. All I do is nothing, and yet I just want to die. I may or may not have attempted already"	sw
"Psych Ward Well, I got so close to killing myself and chickened out at the last minute. Had a whole bottle of klonpin in my mouth, snapped out of my fugue state, and then called for help. Spent some time in the psych ward but that didn't really help much. I still want to die but my BF has locked all of my meds away from me and I cannot access them without his help. The only thing I can still think about it dying. They say I should go back to the psych ward but what good would that even do? Im in school and I have to work, I can't just walk away from that. To top it off, I have been diagnosed with BPD and Bipolar disorder. It is too much for me to handle and I am tired of fighting. I wish I had just swallowed the damn pills. "	sw
"I'm done I read over some posts to see if anyone felt the same way I do, I really don't empathize with the other posters here. If you've, for some reason read through other posts here and don't find the answers you're looking for,  I'm sorry you suffer the way you do and I sympathize deeply with you.  I want you to know, I care for you. Don't kill yourself because you're feeling helpless or lonely or think you, as a person are hopeless. A lot of your problems have answers and ends that can be achieved.   I'm wondering if maybe someone out there can offer some guidance on what to do next for me. I'm bored and unsatisfied with life, I don't think I'm going to hang around much longer. I'm definitely not interested in changing my life for the better, I'm minimizing my impact on others taking care of debt, friends, and so on. I'll probably be ready within a month."	sw
"I realized yesterday how much of a change I made in the last 2 years and I feel so glad! Looking forward to this summer! Without going too much into detail, I realized yesterday that I'm a different person than who I was. The emotions that fill me now when a very unfortunate event occurs are more positive, I am happier overall, I'm learning to allow myself to no longer suppress my true feelings about things, and I'm much better at standing up for myself. I have learned to see myself as somebody valuable, I have experienced that I am even desirable in the eyes of others, and I have learned to accept that as well. My flat looks good and is clean, I work out, I spend more time outside, I'm making music again, I experience new things. I'm getting a newer car soon and hopefully moving.  To see how far I've come, after all that has happened before in my life... I'm just so happy and I'm looking forward to this summer so much!  Turns out, life is pretty good after all :) .   And what has made you happy (or a little bit happier) recently?"	cc
"viewpoints on suicide if i make this an analogy like by comparing this to lgbtq+ rights maybe that'll help. it's my right to die if i want to, (imo as long as it's non impulsive) just like it's lgbtq+ people's right to get married.  altho it can be argued that coming out will make other ppl sad bc it """"""harms them spiritually"""""" or """"""mentally"""""" or smthg weird & dumb like that we'd say no bc it only matters how the lgbtq+ person itself feels bc it's their desicion.    so altho you may think suicide is harmful for them, it's my choice.  i won't force you to marry the same gender if you don't want to, i just want you to let myself do it. in the same way, i don't want to kill everyone, just myself.  i rlly don't care if you want to do smthg that takes a lot of effort & is completely pointless. like have fun!!! i totally understand that you want to take full advantage of life bc why not? i have a chance to so might as well but i just want to be allowed to leave. i had a right to life, now i ask for a right to death.  i'll prob wait until i'm 18 tho if i still feel the same way then. ((tho i may purposefully be more clumsy in the meantime )) & i'll try not to stage it as a suicide bc i don't want others to feel bad despite the fact it's MY descion like i already argued, so altho i don't have to & this part is just optional i'll make it seem like an accident. maybe get into a car crash or smthg. but it doesn't rlly matter if anyone feels bad bc they will die too. this is just my opinion tho.   you cld also make it an analogy to women's rights or aborting or literally anything like that. & like i said before as long as it's NON IMPULSIVE it shld be allowed.  i'm not the only one who recognizes the fact that they just don't want to live. life isn't BAD like there's no problem but i just don't want to. it's useless. nobody gains anything from it. so you can if you want, but i'll pass. at most our society that we've created is just a solution to boredom. & why am i being forced to??? stupid peer pressure to live & my own cowardice to go against society are the only things stopping me from doing it rn tbh.  but at least once i'm 18 it can be a car accident or smthg & i won't feel bad.  i cant wait until society realizes this, & instead of shaming us or telling us that we're selfish, they help us & give us painless quick ways to do it or let us do it without worrying about how others think it'll affect us or smthg. i'm not scared by the pain bc i'll be dead haha. & we're all gonna die anyway, i'm just gonna choose when & make sure it's my own choice. i'm only shaving off some years anyway. i guess i'll miss out on some experiences but i am totally cool with that, but thanks for wondering. i'm really not curious at all. i'd rather just skip out on that. it's pointless & meaningless anyway. & even if you believe that there is some sort of a purpose, irdc about it. irdc about anything tbh. bc it'll all go away. anyway, i tried to explain my viewpoints to the best of my ability. btw, i'm not saying everyone shld die. just those who want to non impulsively shld be allowed to. i have the right for my life, & i also have the right for my death. my way. "	sw
"I'm going through meds, therapy, and trying to quit substances yet I still feel like shit everyday I'm doing everything they tell me to get better. Meds, therapy, exercise, quitting substances, yet none of it is working. I still feel like utter shit everyday. At least substances kept the bad feelings at bay. Now I can't even turn to that to feel better. If this is my default state of being, then I'd rather not be at all."	sw
"I just want to make it stop. All of the trivial stressors in my life- work, relationships, health, family-  People think these are what ail me, and that I’m overreacting. My life is a bit fucked up but in the scheme of things is something to be grateful for, and on the outside has all the answers laid out for me and the potential to be a functional human should be there. But what they don’t understand is none of that matters to me no matter how much I try. The goings on in my life itself, good or bad, are merely fodder for a greater pain. Just crumpled up newspapers thrown in the fire that burn up in a flash into smoldering ashes. The pain they inflict are just the sparks that spit from the bigger flame. The real problem is so much harder to understand than that, and impossible to explain- I try to grasp some form of sense out of reality, time, life, death, loneliness, love, good and evil- I am suffocating in an inferno of confusion, my flesh is burning alive inside and manifests as psychosomatic pain that leaves me incapacitated. I don’t know who I am, what I want or why I’m here, I can’t make any sense of the past, present, future- I’m lost, I’m lost, I don’t know if I’m truly alive or if anything or anyone is real. My thoughts make no sense. Other people make no sense. I can’t find any way to communicate my feelings. I feel like I’m in a straight jacket and locked in a metal box in the center of this fire that’s burning out of control. I can’t attach any meaning or feeling to anything. Everything is either pain or complete disconnection which is somehow even more painful. On the outside, I’m a whiny pest who is quietly losing my mind for no good reason, on the inside, I can’t stop screaming into the void of absurdity. One day I’m going to drink myself stupid, swallow a bottle of seroquel, slit my wrists and wander naked into the woods to bleed out in a river, and pray with all my might to no one that nothing exists for me after death. That’s the only thing I fear more than life itself. The only desire left inside of me is for silence. Nothing else gives me any relief from this agony. Please, God, give me silence. Give me a sign that if I die this will really be over and I won’t be condemned to any kind of continued consciousness. I need to be sure this is really the end. I can’t take it anymore.   "	sw
I just got added as a mod for my first ever community/ subreddit and I'm freaking out in the best way One of my hobbies is watching tv series because I get bored easily and I got hooked on this tv series about conning people called Imposters. (I mean who doesn't wanna learn how to ~~learn~~ avoid conning people!)  I wanted to make the experience for new viewers who might find the tv series on Amazon and Netflix enjoyable and just a very fun experience in general. So I messaged the moderator for some ideas to make the subreddit active and fun along with a recommendation for someone to be made as mod because they're very active and he said why not add me too.  Seriously that was really unexpected but now I really wanna rock this and make the subreddit (come say hi at /r/Imposters) really awesome. Do you guys have any tips in general for someone new to moderating? 	cc
"It's unbearable. I have done so many mistakes, told myself so many lies, isolated myself, my only friends and partners are legitimately fictional, I have become detached from reality.  And it hurts, way too much. To think about all of your wrongdoings and lies, how much of a sick and hopeless being you are. Everything hurts, I hate myself, I am finally aware that everything is my fault and I can't take it no more. There is no motivation, joy or hope left. I am afraid of the future, and my whole body aches.  I just want to go. I need to. Dunno when or how, but it's been too much. Noone can help me, I am terrible. Falling asleep to my devastating thoughts is horrendeous. I'm so lonely, even surrounded by other people. I have already left this world behind, and now I am breaking down.  I'm so so so so sorry. I want to change so much.... I hate myself so much. Why am I so sick??    I don't know when I'll finally do it, but it's my only option. I'm dead and done, and have been for long. There is no waking me.  "	sw
"So... I think it’s time I’ve been suicidal for a while, you can get more of my story through my other scatterbrained posts. But the gist is I work a shitty job and can’t get anything better, I’m gay with a family that hates me for it and pretty much undateable.overdosed last year and only 1 of my friends tried to help, but they called the police so I have that on my record. As fucked up as it is, I miss when I overdosed. Im going to do it again tomorrow.. I have some oxy pills that I’m gonna take and get really drunk, hopefully this time I don’t wake up... thanks for everything guys, I mean it ✌️"	sw
On meds again... Now I'm not suicidal anymore... Still wish I was dead though.	sw
I’ve told a bunch of people but It doesn’t matter. It’s all a big joke at this point. Everything will be better when I’m gone. 	sw
"Always worried about accidentally offending people I am always worried about accidentally offending people. I am wondering if others sometimes feel the same.  For example, a high school teacher of mine tends to give me life advice. I like how she is doing this.  So she was once giving me some healthy eating advice when she met me (we were talking about something else earlier on). When we were chatting, I said ""lol this is awkward"" and ""lol not even my relatives and previous teachers tell me this"".  She seems taken aback and asked me what I think of her advice. I said it's nice thanks and then we go back to having a conversation. She continues to give me advice on other stuff.  Tl;dr: I am struggling in high school and a high school teacher of mine likes to give me life advice. Once when we were chatting, I said ""lol this is awkward"" and ""lol not even my friends and previous teachers tell me this"". She seems taken aback, asked what I think of her advice, and I said it's nice thanks so we went back to talking like usual. Did I offend her? I am scared that she will stop reaching out to me and I don't want that. "	cc
"I feel completely normal, but still want to end it all. I am not depressed, sad, or any of those negative things. I appreciate life-everything about it. I feel happy, sad, anxious, excited, everything. Nothing is wrong with me. But one question always pops into my head: what is the point of living? What is the end game? Because of this, I am contemplating of suicide because I really dont see the point of living.  "	sw
"What's your favorite song for now? I love music and I listen to a lot of it. I don't have just one favorite song, but there's some that I jam out to harder than others. I've been listening to a lot of different music lately and I'm looking for more to branch out to. Some of my current jams include:   -[Cyber Fight - MDK](https://youtu.be/B9N3UgoITUQ)  -[The Suffering - Coheed and Cambria](https://youtu.be/5JKQpqwC4oU)  -[Champagne's For Celebrating (I'll Have A Martini) - Mayday Parade](https://youtu.be/NTmMb53Jj3w)  -[Zombie - Bad Wolves](https://youtu.be/7wWoBjem98A)  -[Light It Up (feat. Nyla & Fuse ODG)(Remix)](https://youtu.be/qDcFryDXQ7U)  Those are just a few. I like to think I can listen to just about anything. What about yourselves??  EDIT: I'm appreciating all of the responses, but I'm going to have to go to bed soon. I'll be sure to respond to EVERYBODY in the morning if I don't do so tonight :)"	cc
What do y’all think of people talking on their phones while taking a poop in a public restroom? On one hand it baffles me and I don’t want to hear someone’s conversation while they are grunting one out. On the other hand I can see how it is probably one of the best uses of free time to make call and take care of “business” at the same time.    Thoughts? 	cc
"I would like to do something nice for the employees at my favorite Taco Bell, but im not sure what I should do. I have a pretty annoying order I make at Taco Bell, and usually most places I go just get it wrong. Either charge way too much, don't understand, or mess it up.  I go to the Taco Bell by my job pretty regularly, enough that they know me and finally have this order figured out. They even make sure to still have black beans available for me at night. They're so cool about it and have even hooked me up for free a couple times.   I like these people and want to get them back. I know they're on camera and probably can't accept tips, so I was thinking maybe bring them doughnuts or something. But I was hoping for maybe a better idea. Something that most people generally like. It would be nice to bring something that will make everyone's night there. Just as a thanks for being so accommodating. They don't realize that burrito they sell me is usually the best part of my day.  What do you guys think would be a nice present?"	cc
"Planning on taking my life by the end of this week. Why? Well, honestly I don't want to be here anymore. I wanted to take my life last week but then I thought of my siblings and how devastated they would be, so I didn't but then come today, it's just been so shit that I'm not bothered to make an effort for life. Future isn't looking great and I have 0 aspirations. Also, another reason is because I want to know what's on the other side, call it seriously morbid curiosity but for some reason Death and beyond has never frightened me, just always intrigued me. These aren't the only reasons why I want to die but I'm not here to write an auto-biography or whatever, haha.   Come Sunday, this is it for me lads."	sw
"I need some convincing not to end it all. Hey folks. I live in Australia. I am 20 years young. I want to lay down the fundamentals of my life and the difficulties I'm exhibiting so hopefully some of you nice people can give me a reason to continue going.  Let's start with the basics. I genuinely do not believe I belong in society. Here's why:  * **I have debilitating anxiety**  This isn't your 'run of the mill' type anxiety that comes up once in a while. This is constant. It's a never-ending battle that makes even the simplest of tasks feel like I'm climbing a mountain. If I have to go anywhere in public, or speak to anybody, I freeze up and start shaking and cannot control my emotions. I've had this my entire life. It doesn't seem to be getting any better. I've actively tried remedies to try and contain my anxiety but nothing has worked. 20 Anti-depressants later and countless sessions with a psychologist/psychiatrist has yet to prove effective.  * **I have moderate functioning Asperger's**  I've yet to come across a single benefit more than ""critical thinking"" from having been diagnosed with the disorder. While I don't mind having Asperger's due to giving me an explanation for who I really am, it's quite clear that the world isn't tailored for people that suffer from it.   I can't work. I can't hold a job. I can't even study because I have horrendous information processing. The funny thing is, I haven't even resigned myself to giving up. Those are all things I genuinely *WANT* in life but feel I can't do, due to the barrier that surrounds me. I want to study so I can land a kick-ass gig and eventually find a partner, so I can pursue things that I enjoy such as travel, painting, etc.   I can't find but see myself becoming homeless though. The world looks down upon folks like me. ""Loser"" ""NEET"" ""Leech"" (Funnily enough, the same people that seem to be for Universal Basic Income, but I, for whatever reason, are just lazy and are somehow undeserving of any financial compensation for my INABILITY TO WORK.)  Seeing all these wants whisper past my vision, gives me nothing but a feeling of intense sorrow that cannot be alleviated because of my inability to fit in.  Disclaimer: This is NOT a pity party for me to wallow in my sadness and exclaim ""woe is me"". It is merely an explanation for my foundations of who I am, and want for a reason to keep going."	sw
Life advice Does anyone else have that empty feeling and your heart hurts and you can't do anything but watch yourself slowly die from the inside out the depression is eating away slowly and I can't deal with it anymore I want it all to end 	sw
i feel boring? i notice i've run out of things to talk about because i rarely leave the house or have anything to say.  i take classes online. im home mon-fri cause i help take care of my younger sibling so i don't have a job. i dont drive...   im basically home doing work and sleeping. i feel so boring to myself and others.   what can i do to have something fun or new to talk about? 	cc
"I have no idea what I want to do with my life I’m a college freshman and all my life I have wanted to go into game design. I got into a supposedly great program, and thought I had the enthusiasm and work ethic to get through it, but now I’m not sure what to do. I have hated every class I’ve taken which includes animation, art classes, programming, and other major related courses. I am also struggled nag to keep up my gpa because I’m terrible at math and don’t understand programming in the slightest. I think I’m going to drop out of this curriculum but I have no idea where to go. All of the jobs that sound interesting to me are either math based or unrealistic."	cc
What do you do with clothes that your ex s/o have to you as a gift during your relationship? I mean do you get rid of them? Still wear them? Would it be weird to keep them? Just got out of a 2 year relationship and have no idea what to do with this stuff lol	cc
I cry almost every time I think of suicide Because it's literally all I want but I know that I'll likely never actually go through with it.	sw
"I don't want to live anymore. Can't find a well pay job two years after college and a lot of bad things happened leading up to graduation. I have nothing to live for. Does anyone feel this way? Life's been pretty shitty. On the surface my life looks picture perfect and people might be jealous. In reality I'm miserable.  I use EDM and running to distract myself, but I can't run 24/7.   My teeth are in pain and I have multiple cavities. Guys don't like me.  I used to having a high paying internship and haven't been able to find a well paying job. Companies don't want to interview me out of state and I'm unqualified where I live.  I don't want to live anymore. Can't find a well pay job two years after college and a lot of bad things happened leading up to graduation. I have nothing to live for. Does anyone feel this way?"	sw
"I think I need someone to talk to. Hi, I'm not feeling really well right now, and there's no one irl I could talk to about that kind of dark stuff. Just chitchatting with someone who knows what is deeply going on (I mean, we're not on r/KnittingWatch, right) would be helpful I guess."	sw
"I really tried. I tried so hard and I give up. I’m 21 I fought myself to get better I really have. I’ve worked out everyday for the past year, I talk to anyone that sits next to me, I play games and try to stay realistically positive as I can.  But I quit I give up. I fought so hard to give me the life I wanted. I’m just so unhappy and I feel like I built a ladder to get out of the hole and ladder snapped.  I was adopted and by age 10 my parents were divorced, I gained weight, and never had a girlfriend. In my senior year of high school I met someone I fell in love with and it was great I finally felt what life was all about.  Then my grandpa died he basically let himself go and died he was heart broken and depressed with cancer after my grandma died with Alzheimer’s. It was devastating for me and a few weeks later my girlfriend left me for another man and my hair started to fall out bad and I had to shave my head at 20 years old.  Then I changed I worked on myself and lost 50 pounds I found a new girl and made new friends like I said I worked my ass off to get to a place where I was happy, but we broke up today she was seeing someone else. Which is fine since I wanted her to be happy and she told me the truth so I got closure.  But all those bad memories came back and where I’m at now rock bottom looking at everyone I know enjoy their life everyone is moving one and for some reason I just fucking can’t.  I was about to start improving again, but my brain just snapped and now I give up I can’t work myself up again I feel I worked so hard.  I know you work yourself  and fail and eventually it gets better, but I just don’t know I can’t do it.  I’m sitting in bed about to rent out fight club my favorite movie and I have this Luger pistol I got from my grandfather on my lap. All I have to do is pull the trigger and all my problems go away and it sounds so bliss to me.  I don’t want my family all my connections to feel the pain I feel. I’m selfish as fuck for thinking this that killing myself will relieve me.    with just one pull I’ll forget everything and I’m so close please help I don’t want to die. I have no idea why I’m asking for help I shouldn’t need it. "	sw
"Anyone here been to a protest that heated up or a riot? 🤔 I always wondered what it looks like, is it like a big crowd of people surrounded by cops from all sides? Or is it just a wall of cops and you can just leave at any time to the sides?   No violence talk or anything, just what was the overall layout of the event? "	cc
"Dealt a shitty hand - life fucking sucks So I want you guys to at least understand my background:  - I am coming from a Vietnamese family (immigrant background) - childhood was kinda rough, I am culturally adapted but people obv. still point out that I am not a true part of this society - my father is addicted to gambling and used to steal my saved up money to feed his addiction ($1000 to be precise, I was ten) -somehow I inherited that trait, I can't drink or play video games in moderation, so I have to completely abstain from it - I also inherited scarring alopecia (folliculitis decalvans) from him - But the worst of all is that I have body odor, like ridiculously thick body odor and shit breath. I smell like shit or mold and bathing or changing up my diet hasn't worked. I consulted doctors all over the country and nothing helped. I am a very clean person usually. - Due to this condition I can't hold any jobs (gotta life by the financial aid of my parents), not even talk about having a girlfriend - oh I also have a small dick but that is the tiniest (yikes) problem of mine - *My life has no future due to this*. I can't ahve any financial foundation I luck out and win the lottery or rob the bank with my body odor or something lmao. - I can't have kids because of my conditions. At least I am definitely not intending to forward those genes.  Now the contras:  - I have really good friends (like more than you would think), they are loyal, smart and winners in life. I don't even know why they are friends with me, guess I have a personality. - Due to wanting to escape from real life, I joined a music forum back in 2010 and also happened to make friends there through IRL meetups. 20 of us meet several times each year. Hell, I even travel with some of those guys one by one and some of them are very important friends of mine now. - I am not dumb. Got my A-levels. - My sister looks up to me. We are really good friends and we love sharing time together. I can't do this to her. - My mother would go through fire for me - Which is why I just can't off myself. I would sadden so many people and some of them lost loved ones already and I don't want them to experience that pain again.   It's a tough situation for me. And I know this sounds like a pity party, but my life just has no fucking future besides being a financial burden. It is like God created me with -50 on every stat on my character. Some people like me, strangers don't because I stink. I can't have jobs but have supportive people around me. I just can't keep living like this.  "	sw
"Life doesn't get better  I've tried it all. Opening up to people, being held in a hospital for three weeks, therapy, antidepressants, everything. You don't come back better or the same from this, you come back worse than in the first place. This seriously may be one of my last days alive. Turned 18 a few days ago and have no friends, social skills, girlfriend, accomplishments, still a virgin, addicted to porn.   I'm at not even going to get into college because I'm so stupid. I hate myself so much. I don't want to cry anymore, I don't want to cut myself anymore, I don't want these thoughts and feelings anymore, I don't want these voices inside my head anymore, I don't want these pills anymore, I can't live another day.  What's the point when I go through pain every single breathing second of my worthless ""life"". I've tried and tried and tried just to end up being worse. I'm sorry to everyone, I'm just a loser. Even when I was in the hospital my brother told me that he's glad I was there because no one would deal with me. Or maybe the time he said to my face that I should killed myself, yeah I'm living life...  To anyone who has ever helped me, Thank You! I just can't see myself going any longer. I have a million reasons to end it all but not one reason to stay. Nobody would care if I was gone, I'm sorry!"	sw
"What’s the point I got another email from my professor about how I’ve missed so much class that I could fail, but he’s giving me another chance which is good but I’m so used to fucking up everything why should I live it would be so much easier just to end it all "	sw
"Narcissist Losing I havent been diagnosed officially as a Narcissist, but a psychologist friend of mine pointed out that I exhibit traits of vulnerable narcissist of cluster B personality. I have done few research and I believe she was right.   I have been lying about my success to everyone around me. But truth is I was terrible, I was unemployed for 2 years, I used to lie to people that I am at work. I got back to school to finish my undergrad. My course is getting over soon, I am going fail real hard. People are going to know I am a failure and shit person. Its killing me every day, I have anxiety attacks thinking about it.  I stopped using any social media, stop meeting people. But I know I cant run for long. Only way I can end this is by ending my life."	sw
"I don’t identify as a Millenial Let me first start by saying at 18 years old I had the tendencies of a Millenial. I worked a part time job, lived with my parents and only had food and my video game addiction as my only bills.   Fast forward to now, I am married, have a career, and own a house.   What changed?  I believe it was when i met my now wife at 19. I came to the conclusion that we were meant for each other and we both had responsibilities to make sure we had a decent life together.  I quit my part time job and got a new one working full time 40 hours/week.  It wasn’t easy at all, but I think that is what separates me from my generation.  Nothing you want in life is ever going to come easy.  We rented out a room for $700/month and we both saved up as much ad we could. We didn’t go out to eat, we didn’t buy fancy new smart phones, and my gaming addiction abruptly ended.  I spent a little bit of my savings to go to school, and get my 2 years associate degree, which i used to get my career at 24 years old. She saved up to buy a car. (We only had one car at the time and she was taking the bus).  25 years old, we got married and 7 months later we had just enough to put a down payment on our first house.  Our commute is not ideal, it takes me an average of 45 minutes to get to work, her about 30 minutes. A small price to pay to be a home owner.  26 years old and I am in better shape than anyone I know because i buckled down and made sacrifices to be where I am.   "	cc
"Best way to go I just can't stop thinking about dying, and it's kinda got to the point where I started to think everything through, not just methods but the pain felt through them or the way that I'd just end up as a number and well  What's the best way to go, painless, easy, quick, or long, hard and painful, or somewhere in between? Is it better to go out a way commonly done or to try to go out in a crazy ball of glory?   Just, would it be better to be completely forgotten afterwards or go out in an insane way that gets talked about by desensitized people online for years? Maybe it's my way of keeping myself from doing it but I just wanted other people's opinion"	sw
"Where do you find hope? #AnotherDepressedStudent Where do you find hope? I can’t think of a good reason to live, but can’t talk myself into death either. Instead, every day death and heartbreak swallow my soul a little, suffocating me into a homebound life that’s not very far from death, or at least not living. I’m barely functional and haven’t been for years. I’m not sure I could actually work the full-time job I need to find to survive. I can’t seem to find one more classic to get my college degree. I keep telling myself that there are things to look forward to in life, but I can’t find anything more to look forward to. I don’t get any more family memories, my siblings and grandparents are dead. The rest of the family is lucky to see each other every few years or less. I don’t believe I can ever get my college degree. I’m not sure I can even get a fucking job, let alone have a decent career. My head is hell and my health is shit, so I”m not sure I could have a baby, let alone raise a child of my own. I think I”m destined for lifelong familyness, not having a family ever again.  I basically have no religion anymore, I don’t think I believe in a God or eternity though I did as a kid. My childhood family was extremely religious, so I feel alone in my agnostic views. I don’t get to see my dead siblings or grandparents ever again, and coming to that realization this year is crushing. I’m feeling the loss of all my grandparents, aunts/uncles, 2 siblings, and friends who have died over the years now that I think I’ll never see them again for all of eternity. I don’t have much family to speak off, haven’t seen one relative in over a year... we’re just not close. No siblings (that are still alive). No close family or even nearby family, they’re all 1000+ miles away. I can’t affrod travel or to relocate. I can’t find a fucking job here either. I can’t graduate college no matter how hard I try. I’m running out of time to have babies, but I haven’t found anyone I want to spend life with. I don’t date. I don’t/can’t drive. I”m insecure and feel unloveable, like no one would want to marry me anyway. I’m on the autism spectrum, and I have one friend. One. I can’t afford to Uber/Lyft to go places, so I can’t “go make new friends.” I can’t physically drive. My city is very surburban and very spread out, there’s no bus and it’s not walkable. I can’t afford to move anywhere. I don’t have health insurance so I can’t get treatment again for depression, anxiety, ADD, OCD, etc.   I am, was, a college student. I just graduated a certificate program at one school this semester, but lack my bachelor’s degree from my old tier 1 school by one class. One fucking class that I can’t do. So I have no idea. I can’t find a job where I live, partly because I can’t drive. (My eyesight sucks, austism spectrum, blah blah.) There’s no public transit. I can’t afford to move to a more urban area without a job. I don’t have a family. I’ve maxed out my credit cards, on top of defauling on $200,000 worth of private student loans (yeah, I know I know... I had plans to go to law school for patent law, and could’ve easily paid those back had I not flunked out.)  I haven’t had a steady full-time job in the better part of a decade, mostly taking random shit classes at random schools here and there.   I stay up all night, and sleep the day away because I dread every second of my life. I don’t want to go to sleep every night, fearing each next day more than the previous one, wondering what else is going to break my heart or if I’ll choose to be fucking done with life itself."	sw
"I’M LYING TO EVERYONE I have been struggling with depression for the last six years. My depression ended my marriage and makes it difficult to maintain friendships. I’m, yet again, taking an SSRI. It’s strange; I feel as though the antidepressants make me tolerable to be around-for family and coworkers-but I don’t think I’m any less depressed. I think about suicide every single day. I have a plan. I’ve been asked about suicidal ideation, by my primary healthcare provider, by my partner, my boss. I always deny wanting to end my life because I know what such an admission would yield. I worked as a behavioral health RN; I know how inadequate the mental health system is and an involuntary admission to a local psych unit isn’t going to help me any.    I’ve tried making positive life changes. I left my job as a registered nurse to work in a more creative field. I quit drinking alcohol-March 25 marked a year sober. I took up yoga. I left the city and relocated to a quiet suburb. I got a dog and started tending plants. None of it matters.  I feel so hopeless, like there’s nothing to look forward to. It all just keeps getting worse and worse."	sw
Beyond tired of pretending that I’m ok. Sorry for the long post. This is my first reddit post and I don’t really know how to say all this. I am 21 years old and I’ve struggled with suicidal thoughts and depression since I was around 9 years old. I’ve been on medication since I was 12 and been doing therapy for many years. It helps a bit but in all honesty it’s not making a huge difference. Most of my friends and family think that my depression is just kinda like a sad mood that happens. They don’t realize that I fantasize about dying daily. The only thing keeping me alive is that I know that my death would break the spirit of my friends and family. Which sounds narcissistic now that I say it. Like I’m that important. My two best friends in the world know that I struggle to stay alive and they both are always there for me when I need it. The problem is that I feel like I am not worth their time or anybody’s time for that matter. I feel like I’m always bugging them even though they assure me I’m not. I feel like I’m always needing attention and reassurance that people care for me. I just feel so damn needy and I hate it. I am in love with one of my best friends and we have talked about it and she said that she did have feelings for me but that it would be best if we just stayed friends. Which honestly is ok. I don’t think I am worthy of her anyways. And I love her too much to risk losing her friendship. And I also made her a promise that I would always be there for her. Essentially I told her one time that I had tried to kill myself and as I told her I realized how much pain it would cause. So I promised that I wouldn’t ever leave her. Here’s my problem. I desperately just want to be happy for real. I can’t stand faking it anymore. I want to die because trying to struggle through this is too much to bear. It feels like I’m fighting another version of myself who just wants to end it every second of every day. I don’t know what to do. Thanks for listening.  	sw
"There is something severely wrong with me. I am at a breaking point. I don't care about life anymore and I don't know why, but I don't really care enough to try and understand why. I already attempted suicide twice and I have had severe mental issues since I was small, I don't understand why.  I just failed a year of highschool, I'm supposed to be a sophomore but I'm a freshman since I was too much of an idiot to pass 5th grade math. I can't get enough motivation to do even things I want to do. All of my teachers despise me since I have an F in every class. I haven't had any close friends in my life, ever. The only people I've been close to is my family members.  I was raped when I was a little boy by my babysitters son and nobody believes me.  I can't even kill myself without screwing up. Everyone I try to talk to shows obvious signs of discomfort, so I stopped trying to make friends in the sixth grade and completely skipped middle school since my family moved out of the country. I have severe abandonment issues and have had extremely weird and unhealthy habits when I was a kid and I don't understand why.   I am physically unattractive and nobody even looks at me anywhere I go, I get emotional when people are nice to me since it is so rare and I don't even know how to handle half of the things people to say to me.  At this point in time I just want to end my life so I don't have to be in this place anymore. I don't enjoy life and I know it's because I am lazy, ugly, and slow. I can't even talk to people over the internet without them getting uncomfortable. I want to kill myself more than anything but I know that if I do my mom would be mortified and I don't want to hurt her. I have nobody to talk to, I can't talk my mom because she is deeply religious and assumes every mental problem is ""demons"". My father is divorced, one of my sisters left the country 5 years ago and I even have a hard time talking to her, while my other sister is in rehab after almost overdosing on heroine. I never talk to them.  I am contemplating on whether I should just end my life here so I don't have to keep living like this. I know I need help but I have a hard time talking to people in person especially about things like this. please help me."	sw
"My classmate is amazing! Hi! Just going to share something.   I have a classmate (let's call him K) who is really good at a subject, while the majority of us are struggling. The subject content is pretty heavy and most of us are attempting to cram for our mid-years and dying of stress. It's a subject that is not commonly covered in high schools and we have an external lecturer to teach us. Plus, we may be one hardworking class, but we aren't exactly the smartest as a whole.  So K, being the smart kid, proceeds to make and distribute worksheets for us to do once every two days. Actual worksheets! As far as we know, he's piecing all of the questions together with past year papers and class practices. He releases the answers a day later and goes through the difficult questions during recess.   We all are really grateful to him and the effort he puts in. He even puts cool inside jokes and other funny stuff into the questions. No one else aside from the members of our class knows about this yet and he's doing all of this pro bono, so I just want his actions to be appreciated. he'd kill me if he finds out about this post though, so I'm hoping that he doesn't use Reddit :P  Does anyone know other smart kids who go out of their way to help their weaker friends?  Edit: grammar"	cc
"I'm having a depressive episode and I want to die So many things have gone wrong in my life, but I generally have a good life now, apart from my depression. I'm not on medication because I take pleasure in some things, but sometime she I have these episodes of serious depression, usually triggered by something. Well tonight it is because,for the first time in my 17 year of life, my father has refused to hug me goodnight. He was away for almost all of my childhood until I was 12, and I've always softness of subconsciously wanted to make him happy I guess, and I've always tried to make his life easier. Tonight I came out to him as bisexual, and I tried to give him a hug goodnight to try and make the night have a good happy ending, burn he didn't believe hug me back. I could tell he didn't but want to touch me or be near me and I feel awful. I don't feel loved by him anymore, I feel like I should just go kill myself, I mean what's the point right if I can't get the person I've tried to make happy for the past five year to love and accept me, I want to die"	sw
"I am 18 and i feel i have wasted my live I am 18 years old and i just feel like i have wasted my whole live and i will die without being able to acomplish anything, my friends are getting rich, improving our comunity or being their best best version of themselves and i havr just studied, played and spend time with my friends, but the thing is i don't feel about it, i just feel i am getting old and alll will be over soon."	cc
"Girlfriend left me because she's depressed, now I'm even more depressed than I was before I met her and it's all piling up So yesterday my now exgf said ""I need to focus on myself"" because of mental health issues she's been struggling with for years. Don't get me wrong I understand that she doesn't want to waste emotional energy on me, she needs to take care of herself first and foremost. But for a good six months, she was a big reason why I didn't start cutting again, or try to kill myself. Now that she's gone, wtf do I do? There's a physical pain I have and I don't know how to deal with it.  I contemplated cutting again, I'm in the process of giving myself a stick n poke tattoo, just doing some outline work on a rising sun.  Definitely contemplated killing myself. My girlfriend left me, my GPA starts with a 1, I'm probably going to be evicted because my job hasn't been giving me enough hours, oh and my best friend has POF and cancer.   All I possibly have to look forward to is a dance show in May, that I've working on for a few months now, and my motorcycle license later this month. Have no money, so it's kind of pointless.  I've been working on being a dickhead to my family so they don't miss me when I'm gone.  There's a ringing in my ears I can't quiet down, and these problems don't have solutions."	sw
Took a few extra sleeping pills this night. Dont think it's my night to exit but who knows followup to earlier post i  don't know anymore. I feel lost.   Chose a date but even that's too long to live.  I'm sure i'll wake up in the morning embarrased but thanks for hearing me now. Be back probably	sw
"When is it okay? I've heard too many people shaming those who struggle with suicidal thoughts, calling them ""selfish"". I know that my death could hurt those around me, but I still have constant thoughts of doing it anyway. It's not my fault. It just hurts too much sometimes. So from a community that understands, when is it okay if ever?"	sw
Depressed I m arranged married for 8years with a drug addict tried every hard to make it work but its not scared to talk to anyone dont know how my parents will feel dad will be so upset he will end up sick if he knows i m suffering feel like killing myself but what will happen to my parents	sw
"Why am I like this? I just feel worthless, the main problem used to be not having any friends but I have friends now and the feeling won't go away. I just want to die, I'm so sick of waking up every morning to the same bullshit. Even though I have friends I still feel like I'm unwanted, I feel like they just tolerate me even though they assure me that that isn't the case. What is wrong with me, what did I do to deserve this? I just want to go to sleep and never wake up, I fucking fantasise about the different ways I could die or kill myself but I know they're never going to happen because I'm too worthless to even take my own life. I don't know what I expect from writing this but if you read this much thank you for taking the time, I hope you have a lovely day/ night. "	sw
"Want to die but too afraid I'll survive an attempt I feel really pathetic for being suicidal about this stuff because so many other people have bigger, worse struggles going on in their lives but I thought I'd post here anyways because I really am at my wit's end and I just want to be gone forever.  I feel completely hopeless. I'm going through a really messy breakup with the girl who I was convinced I was going to marry. Also in the coming month there's a possibility of me getting into some legal trouble, someone is falsely accusing me of something and I'm afraid that they will get me into some sort of trouble. I can't seem to catch a break; everything in my life goes downhill just as it starts looking up again. Every person who has ever made me genuinely happy has left me. I miss my ex so much and right now it's looking like so there's little to no chance of her ever coming back.  I do see a therapist but that's not really helping me. My depression has gotten to the point where I don't even have the energy to fake happiness anymore. I just want a fucking break from all this pain. My thoughts grow more and more suicidal as every day goes by. I want to kill myself and I'm not afraid of death itself, I'm afraid that I'll survive an attempt and have to live with paralysis or severe brain damage or some other injury. I don't know what to do anymore. I just want to be gone forever but I'm so afraid that I'll survive. I feel stuck."	sw
"What is the worst of the 7 Capital Sins in your opinion? Mine is Sloth. A slothful person won't move, won't try, won't change. All other sins at least have you doing something. But Sloth chains you down to yourself.  By itself, it has you do nothing, and be nothing. While tied to the other sins, it prevents you from letting them go; makes them stronger.   edit: by 7 capital, im talking about Envy-Lust-Greed-Sloth-Gluttony-Wrath-Pride"	cc
"I'm here for how long ? I can't take it anymore, everyone seems to be on my back. I lost the only thing I ever really loved and that was my fiancee, even she couldn't take my PTSD anymore and decided to leave with my kid.   How much is enough ?   When is it ever over ?  I never did anything but treat her like a princess and when I needed help she just left, I'm back at my parents now, feeling like shit and even my mother is on my back for some reason, she knows people who yell are a trigger for my PTSD and she'll yell every chance she gets, my ex does the same, she'll take any chance she has to hurt me and do it.   I'm just so tired of everything, this sickness, the memories, the flashbacks, the pain, the numbness.   I just can't. "	sw
"Best mom-friendly podcasts / audio books? My mother (64) is retiring this fall and moving to a beach condo. I’m driving down with her this Sunday to make sure it’s all legit. It’s a 7 and a half hour drive each way, and although we always find plenty to talk about I figure I could use this time to learn something new and interesting with my wonderful mom!   A few things about us:   She’s a librarian and LOVES to learn. I’m a college dropout, but I promise I love to learn too! She’s very open-minded with most things (supports marijuana legalization and knows I’ll be smoking on the trip).  Really the only things that make her uncomfortable are obvious sexual stuff (who would recommend something sexy to listen to with their mom?), violence (this is most important, especially towards animals or children; she won’t be able to sleep), and gratuitous foul language (she likes standup like Joe Rogan but won’t listen because of the bad language. Adorable, I know).  She’s a self-proclaimed “bleeding heart liberal” and I’m very apolitical, so any current political stuff is probably out.  We’ve both been really into 20th century history  lately. We love art and interesting stories about families / heritage. It would be best if it’s upbeat and humorous. Thanks y’all!"	cc
"Wish I'd just do it For every day that passes, my wish to die gets more intense. If I had a magic insta kill pill on me now, I'm not sure I'd say no.  I don't have the guts to do it. I'm too afraid of regret if I do anything drastic. That's why I constantly wish I'll die suddenly and unexpected, out of my control. I'd be so contempt with that. Every time I go to sleep I hope I don't wake up. Passing away while dreaming is a dream.  Life would be so great if I could make all my problems go away, but, as everyone knows, life is not that simple. So I want to die. I don't want to face my problems.   My life is going nowhere. I'm a bad person. Every waking moment when I'm not distracting myself with Reddit or video games, I am wishing I was dead. I hate myself so much. I wish I never existed. I don't want to live my life anymore because it's fucking terrible.  I'm sorry, family. I don't know how much longer I'll keep putting this off, but eventually I hope I'll do it. When I absolutely have had enough and I can't distract myself any longer. I want to do it so bad."	sw
"Is it ever going to get better? Medication after medication, doctor after doctor, and I'm still crazy. My mind is driving me to insanity. I hear voices all the time and I'm getting to exhausted to keep going, keep fighting. There's only so much one person can take before it's to much. I'm holding back because of my mother and my husband. I've been married 12 years to the best understanding man I could have ever asked for and I don't want to do anything to hurt him. My mom has had a hard way to go and I don't want to make it harder but I don't know how much longer I can stand this. I don't know how much more I have left in me. Nothing is the same. I'm slow, and exhausted all the time. I can't think straight half the time, and the other half I'm scared of all my hallucinations that haunt my every waking minute.  I know how I would do it. And I would never be home for it. Although I almost did take all my medications a couple of days ago while I was at home, but I couldn't bring myself to let my husband find me.  I'm losing hope. I'm losing hope in medication, in life and in myself. I can't handle anything stressful anymore and I'm nothing but a burden. I can't work, I can't drive, I can't even think. When will it be over? I make make that happen. The question is, when and where. I'm starting to plan, and I'm starting to scare myself at the same time. There's like two of me, one that wants desperately to live and be happy and the other half who's given up. What self will win this battle?  "	sw
"Sometimes I just sit down in the shower and think Idk when I started but once in a while, especially if I’ve had a rough day, when I’m taking a shower I just sit down and let the water go over me. I think about a bunch of stuff and daydream, usually for a pretty long time. It’s weird I guess and it doesn’t really feel like it helps anything but oh well. You guys do anything weird like that?"	cc
I finally have the courage I finally got the balls to do something. I’m standing by an overpass now and I’m about to jump. Thank you guys for all your love and support. I’ll miss you. I just want this pain to go away. I’m sorry.	sw
Finally I finally have a chance this weekend. I will be home alone for 2 days and there's a gun at home. It's the perfect time to end it. I've been debating this for years and an opportunity has finally appeared. I don't want to fail....	sw
Anyone else having job troubles? I work for a media agency and effectively doing the work of 3-4 people..  Theyre already promoting me but money isnt gonna make my work-life balance better.   Ive started looking for new roles. Think im being dumb?	cc
"I can't do this anymore. I can't do this. Everything hurts. I just keep on smiling when I wish I am crying. The voices are screaming. I'm having panic attacks daily. Most of my friends have left me because I'm distancing myself away from them. But it's not my fault! I can't help that talking, or making eye contact even, brings we severe anxiety. I just want to cut myself so much. I just want to see myself bleed. And having such bad attention makes me have to work for hours just to do simple work. It takes me about three times what ""normal"" people my age takes. I can't focus in class because people keep on sniffing, coughing, clearing their throat, and chewing. It brings me so much pain to hear those sounds. I actually have to count the seconds between each sneeze. Not only real things are hurting, but being fucking schizophrenic is a **NIGHTMARE**. Hearing voices and seeing things makes class one hundred times worse. Not only am I unable to focus, but I'm so fucking stupid. I literally can't do shit. No matter how many times I try to understand, I just don't.  I have ""special accommodations"".  Yeah right. All it does is let me have more time to do things. It helps a tiny bit, but not much. My psychiatrist made my school test me for if I qualify for special education. But we won't get the results till the end of the year.   I'm planning on ending it tomorrow or Saturday. Depending on when my parents leave. Whatever. I just don't give a shit anymore."	sw
On Friday I am going to write the first of my final exams in school. So my question is how do you deal with all that anxiety before an exam? I am almost at the end of my school career and I have to take my last four final exams throughout the next two weeks.  The thing is that I studied a lot  (and probably enough) during the last few weeks but I still feel like I am not fully prepared. I feel really feel stressed out and anxious. It feels literally like hell.  So my question is how do you guys usually handle situations like this? How can you deal with all that tension and anxiety build up shortly before big exams like mine?  And for those who want to know I am living in Germany and the difficulty of schools is dependent on the federal state (Bundesland) you are living in and I currently live in one where schools are rated as the second most difficult.  	cc
"My Random Past Time For a few years now, probably about 3 years; I (F) have read stories to help people sleep. It started by accident. Ever since that one individual (I didn't know them, I just found them online.) asked me to read to them, I had done it ever since. Since I suffer with insomnia, I thought why not make use of my time.   I would make a post online and wait. On average each night I would read to about 3-5 people until they fell asleep. I was able to do more if I had enough time that night. On average, it took about 15 minutes or less for people to fall asleep. I enjoyed reading and these people and they enjoyed being read too, needless to say it was a win win.   As I got older, I decided to diversify and start sending goodnight messages to those who wanted one (voice messages). This proved to be quite popular, it wasn't until a few months later that I realised how much some people really appreciated a 30 second message wishing them goodnight.   After doing this for several months I began to get ""regulars"" I didn't mind and we managed to find a schedule that suited nearly everyone. I enjoyed reading to these people, even though I did receive a lot of perverted messages based on my voice. That's what the block feature was there for! :) My enjoyment went down hill after some began to become rather obsessive/a tad possessive. Any who, I digress...  That was my random past time. Do you have any unusual hobbies? If so, what are they? "	cc
"What song gives you chills? While looking through my video history on YouTube, I found a live performance of “May It Be” sang by Lisa Kelly and immediately got chills. There are not many songs that have that effect on me so it was a super special feeling. Does anyone else have a song that gives them chills? Is it a live performance or recorded? "	cc
"Really pumped about my internship this summer I'm really excited to start my internship this summer for a few different reasons. The internship is across the country, so I'll be driving for 25 hours by myself. Road trip! The internship is full time, paid, and they cover my housing. I'm really excited to apply the things I've learned in school (studying CS) to real problems. I'm mostly just really excited about living in a place where I don't know anybody for a few months."	cc
"I finally talked to one of my coworkers about more than just work. It was only for a few seconds and just about what kind of music we like, but I get really anxious talking to people so it was a big thing to me. How's your day? Anything you're strangely proud of? "	cc
"Does art have to look complicated or look like tonne of time and work went into it to be considered ""good""? This is just something I have been thinking forever and was once again reminded of when I saw an artist(I follow in instagram) being dragged on r/comedycemetery for her 'no/low effort', 'sticker selling' 'horrible art style'. I actually like her art because it's so simple and cute.  And, while admit the particular comic of hers was not funny, it wasn't as horrible as the comments were saying.  It did make me think how people perceived a simple artstyle.   TL;dr simple art  means no talent?"	cc
A trouble maker story So I had art today in school and we were being loud and our classroom is right next to the students who need help with school classrooms. Well one of the teachers came out and yelled at us and I whispered yah Dan ( his name isn't Dan but for privacy) she saw me and I had to sit in her classroom for ten minutes and have her yell at me and I must have not done a good job because at the end of her rant she was like uh you don't even care just leave and I geuss everyone could hear her yelling at me.  Just a story in the life of a school kid 😀	cc
"Saying I want to die is becoming less painful when I say it   About 4 years ago I realized I hadn’t known what I wanted to do with my life, and ever since then the anxiety of falling in a rut in college and not knowing what I wanted to major in would lead me to drop out and I wouldn’t amount to anything. This only becomes worse with the fact that I’m failing several of my classes right now and I’m so stressed about one of my classes that it’s consumed almost every second of my life and has caused me to feel depressed. Every time I try to study I just can’t grasp the concept and it leaves me with even more stress.    Failing a class doesn’t usually hit me as hard as this has, because I can usually bring the grade up to at least a B+ but I’ve hit the point that it feels like nothing matters. I don’t know what I want to do with my life and I’m certain I won’t ever amount to anything that would make me successful, much less happy. I have constant anxiety and I stay up until 5am trying to study but I can’t do it.    Even trying to study feels like such a chore, my GPA is already dropping, my class rank is just getting higher, and I’ve realized I’m not smart enough to simply get by on good grades alone, so I’ve had to resort to trying to figure out what I want to major in and get by on hard work, but I can’t even figure that out.   I’ve been feeling depressed for about a month or so now and I can’t tell if I’m subconsciously faking it to get attention or if I’m truly depressed. I just don’t know what to do anymore. For years I’ve had suicidal thoughts, but when they first started I would break out crying because the thought of doing such a thing was too much, but now it just feels painfully easy to say and I can’t even tell If I would actually do it or not. It’s just an empty feeling at this point and I’m sure if I didn’t have family or friends who I’m scared to disappoint, I would have already attempted it. It feels like I’m just not trying hard enough and I’m weak but I can still work myself to exhaustion and fail at everything I do. I just really don’t know how to handle myself anymore.  "	sw
"I want to know how I can help my best friend stay motivated to lose weight. For a bit of context, Ive gotten into exercising semi-reguarly half a year ago and went from a twig to a small branch and I tried to get my to join me to help her lose weight. Every time I get her to try she quickly falls off the wagon and loses all motivation to exercise and eat healthy. I know what to do to get her to lose weight, but I can't get her to try it because she is scared of failing. "	cc
"Does Climate Play into Depression? Im sure i could spend days Googling this, but just wanted some personal opinions on the matter.  I find less sunny, wet amd cold drab climates to be very challenging for me to not think about killing myself....  "	sw
"I wish I hadn’t been born My head keeps suggesting ways for me to end it. I have pills in the bathroom, vodka in the kitchen, and a belt in my room. Honestly though, I just wish my parents had used a fucking condom. It feels like nothing has ever gone right for me. My parents never even loved each other, I’ve been depressed as long as I can remember, I can’t figure out if I was meant to be a boy or a girl, I’ve never had real friends or a relationship that lasted, and I’m failing classes to set me up for a future I don’t even care about. I feel like I’m finally ready to end a life that shouldn’t have even started. "	sw
"I really hope I'm gonna kill myself soon. I don't feel sad or depressed anymore. I'm just so mad and upset that I have to keep dealing with this shitty life and shitty family. only thing that's holding me is the fact that my parents paid my expensive college tuition fee. If I die now that'd be a huge waste of money to them. They don't even love me. They just want to show off their kids to others. Please somebody kill me. If it's not suicide it'd be little better maybe. I want everyone to die, I want to die. why some people die from stress and I don't??? I want to write that I'm suicidal on my twiter account but I don't want all the fake sympathy from people who actually don't care so I came here. I don't wanna try...I just wanna die..."	sw
"What do adults (without kids) do when they wanna get out of the house but they don't wanna eat or drink? Couple here, early 30s, not married, no kids. We live in Chicago and have one car. We've done all the museum's multiple times (plus, they can get pretty expensive). Sometimes we see movies but there hasn't been anything good out for a while. There's a free zoo and a couple conservatories we've done a bunch of times. We've even done some of the weirder stuff like axe throwing and robot building class. We feel like we're running out of things to do! What do you guys do when you want to get out of the house?"	cc
"Idk The constant feeling of melancholy is getting old. I want to be happy but it’s like my brain won’t let me. Today I had a good day but here’s some background: - I work directly and only with the guy I dated (he broke my heart making me feel used and not good enough for him).  - I feel static in life. I don’t make the amount of money I wish I did and I know it takes time. I have a lot to be grateful for. I feel like I’m not good enough at anything.  - I’m away from home and my family (mother, grandfather, and grandmother). This has been the norm for over a year and I’m still struggling.  - I have no friends here where I live now. I mean I do have people I could say I’ve hung out with but no one ever reaches out to me or asks me to do anything. I’ve been told I’m an alright person so sometimes I don’t get why no one wants to be around me.   So, basically I don’t see the point in trying. It’s more bad days than good and I can’t ignore that I feel worthless. I’m just a spot in someone’s peripheral. Things would be better if I wasn’t here because no one is looking in my direction anyway. I keep thinking of ways to do it and I’m scared. I’m scared of myself, scared that I won’t succeed and the consequences will follow suit. I just don’t think I deserve to be here when my entire life started from being an accident in the first place. "	sw
"21st celebration I turn 21 Monday, and with al my friends knowing this we went out and were at this big ass party and they just keep sitting on the wall not being a part of the party, I’ve been struggling with my Mental health lately and this was supposed to help me but I’m just feeling more and more outcast . Shits just getting worse, here’s to the weekend :/"	sw
"Become very apathetic in the past year. Hi!  Twenty years old. Young, you don't have to remind me. People do all the time, haha.  These past years have been very well to me. I have soared in my studies to the point of gaining work in my industry before having graduated college. Family's fine. I'm happy in my work; very passionate.   Through my entire life I've been extremely anxious. Middle school, high school, college... everything's been tightly strung. I've wanted to die in the past for those reasons but stress has kept me through it; no time to think about it.    Now, I've reached a point of certainty of success. There's no doubt I'll flying higher through the years to come if I keep the same effort I've had to this point. Everything's become unwound but I guess my mind hasn't.   People (friends and peers) have come to respect me and love me. I try my best to be positive and nice through all situations, and found myself close to a lot of people. Far more than my inner introvert would have guessed.    I'm finding some odd peace that I ""made it"". and don't want to stick around to see the rest. Why would I? I'm feeling okay with that work being wasted to get here. This specific point is quite literally all I've been fighting to get to the past eight years.  Everything is starting to come in. I've been really out of it lately. People have been starting to pull me aside and ask what's wrong one-by-one.   The only thing making me really hesitate is the countless that'd be really, *really* hurt if I died. Though I'm unsure how much longer that'll keep me onboard.   Feels odd asking about this at all. I don't have any apparent external forces or dread pulling me out of it. But I'm feeling pretty damn sure that an attempt will be made after I complete a promised favour mid-April. Hm.   Thanks for taking the time to read! "	sw
thinking of hanging myself im just so tired.. i want to give up	sw
"School makes me want to die! D: My teachers hate me (at least so I feel), some teachers give me a new thick packet EVERY SINGLE DAY, I barely have any friends in my classes, I take 16 exams in a year, people call me gay and stay way from me mainly because I don't like the ""cool"" stuff like Fortnite, I'm under a ton of pressure to get good grades, my teacher threatened to give the class assigned seats at lunch if I keep sitting with my friends, my entire class thinks I'm weird so It's either sit with them and tolerate them or get beaten up because one of the kids in my class beat up one of my friends and they broke their jaw. My teachers give detention for the littlest things! (Like being late to class a few times, the hallways are crowded and teachers like to hold students back because a few students are being jerks, and also talking in class will get you detention in my homeroom.) It's just so stressful sometimes and I contemplate suicide. I've talked to my parents and they do their best, they have suggested talking to the teachers but the last time they did this my teacher hated me on a cellular level. PLEASE help! ;-; I really don't want to kill myself but lately I've been considering it a lot."	sw
"Do any of you guys know about the ""quesadilla con o sin queso"" thing that we have in Mexico? For starters, we have this thing in the *CDMX* and the *Estado de México* that usually bugs other mexicans. The thing is, in most restaurants and street food stands in México, we have a very popular and characteristic dish called a *quesadilla*. The thing is, in the *CDMX* and the *Estado*, we serve them with a lot of different fillings, such as *chorizo*, *chicharrón prensado*, chicken, etc., whereas in most of Mexico *quesadillas* are *always* filled ***with*** cheese and **very** occasionally with something else. That's the thing that bugs most outsiders and some *capitalinos*; basically, the debate divides in ""las quesadillas a huevo llevan queso"" (that is, ""if it doesn't have cheese, it ***absolutely cannot***  be a *quesadilla*) and ""las quesadillas no siempre llevan queso"" (""it doesn't ***necessarily*** needs cheese to be a quesadilla"").  I'm using that much emphasis since the divide is kinda strong and both sides are very stubborn to each other.  I'm just really curious as to know how much do people in the USA (insert generic ""America is a continent"" comment here) and other english-speaking countries know about our culture. This isn't as much of an important part to it; it's more of a perk than an actual, serious debate, but I kinda wanted to know if you've heard of it. And if you had, what side are you on and why?  Edit: Para los mexicanos que vean este post: no se tiren arena. ***Parfavar***. Yo no vine aquí a levantar una tormenta de arena, y ustedes tampoco deberían. "	cc
"Just a thought. Since much of sarcasm is lost over the internet without knowing context, what if some of us established a view of other people based on their completely sarcastic remarks that were taken as their serious opinion. "	cc
Don't know what to do with it Been thinking about suicide for more than three years...feeling miserable and depressed most of the time...I definitely think this life is meant to be depressing and full of sadness that I even feel sorry for normal people although I'm in an extremely worse situation (which shows how terrible my mental state is)....just fucking worthless needing a painless method to ctb...what a depressing world we live in really!	sw
"Asshole Dad Makes Me Want To Hang Myself Asshole Dad is back at it again. Out of nowhere, my Dad checks the garage has a meltdown out of how ""dirty,"" it is and screams my sister. Mom defends my hardworking sister, but (as usual) eventually yields under Dad's temper. Dad then complains to sister that ""that her mistakes are causing my mother's lectures against him."" Then he pretends to play the wise victim card, and advises my sister ""that being organized will magically solve life's problems."" My doormat mother teams up with my dad to bitch at my sister.   Here's where I come in. Soon enough, it will be my turn to be torn down like trash and I don't want anything to do with this shit. I can't stand this narcissistic asshole. Seriously planning on hanging myself as I type this. My Dad is an insufferable piece of shit that loves stroking his giant ego at the expense of others. He is an insensitive prick and my mother is his eager doormat. Please, anyone, I don't want to listen to his toxic crap, someone please talk to me."	sw
"So yeah, fuck this shit Boy did my life go exactly opposite of how I imagined it.  I don't even know how to phrase it correctly lol.  I turned gay, I don't know how, but it did. I went from straight to gay. Not born.  I remember having my first sexual fantasy at 7/8 years old about a girl in my class. I remember being fascinated by breasts when they were shown on movies (like Titanic, Friday the 13 (2009),etc...), or even when the nudity was implied (Charlie's Angels). I was so fascinated with this I remember drawing girls either nude or in sexy outfits. I was looking foward to grow up cause I really wanted to have sex. I thought about holding and licking breasts so much as a kid. (There are way more memories than just this, but just to give an idea)  Now I'm not sure if those memories are even real. For the past 3 years I've been reliving those memories as a way to prove myself that I'm not gay, because I really don't want to be. It's not that I live in a hostile environment, that my parents are homophobic, that my friends won't accept me, or that my faith condemns it. No, the exact opposite: my parents are open minded, my friends are too (and some of them are gay), and I'm an atheist. It just isn't who I want to be. I don't care about not having a traditional family, I care about who I have sex with, who I cuddle during a movie. I would rather have everyone think I'm gay and be straight.Even if being gay was the norm, I would choose to be straight (straight guy). I would rather be a lesbian, I just need to be with women. Nowadays, the fantasy about women come and go, but for the past 3 months I haven't been able to get an erection by thinking or looking at women. And if I think about it hard enough I can get an erection about a man. I keep testing myself with porn, and I've got precum by watching gay porn.  I've been struggling with suicidal thoughts for the past 3 years, and their intensity comes and goes. But lately, man they are strong.  I just feel hopeless, I keep rewatching the movies that remind me of my sexual awakening, how much I wanted to be with a woman, and cry, just cry my lungs out.  I've decided that I will do it in a few years, I've decided where and how. That idea gives me some kind of peace. I wish so much reincarnation was a things, just to get the life I wished for. "	sw
"Finishing school soon So, I am at that age where I am legally an adult. Although, my face cannot prove it. I cannot wait to finish my studies and get into a university. I still have not decided if I want to get into a local university or abroad though.  When I think about the future, I get excited because my adventure is up ahead. I cannot wait to meet my future wife. I can’t wait to get kids. My head already made plans on how I am going to raise them. I can’t wait to see my parents’ faces when I make them proud. I pray to God everyday so that everything will go as I want it to be. But, I also have anxiety that fills my head every night before I go to bed like when I am going to find the right girl, can I properly guide my child or will I survive until I can experience all these things.   I just wanted to share what I think about daily. Can anyone relate?"	cc
"(17F) I am going to kill myself tomorrow I have nothing to live for anymore. I lost my friends, it hurts to be around my family, and I may not graduate high school. I got nothing. I am so fucking alone. I'm not even scared yet. Maybe tomorrow but right now I am calm. I think this is it. I got no hope. I don't care about anything. I don't know. I just know I don't want to live anymore. "	sw
"going to kill myself this saturday nobody is ever going to love me and it's all my fucking fault, i'm ruining my life by not doing any of my work in college, basically i'm just a worthless excuse for a human being. why not end it now? i'm only waiting until saturday bc i'm gonna be home for the weekend and it'll be easier"	sw
"Two weeks. I could do it in two weeks. Quick and use a gun, or slow and use a knife and take a relaxing bath.  I probably won't, and that's good. But I feel like I could and that's the scary part- being okay with it.  I hurt and I don't know how to make it stop hurting, hopefully I'll be better by then, but right now it's me and these last two weeks.  "	sw
"I just cooked using a non-stick frying pan for the first time and it's fucking glorious! I was really careful on how to handle it, this is something I've been waiting for my whole life. My mom is somehow a non-believer on the magic that is Teflon, but we finally bought one since I won't stop yapping 'bout it.  It's my turn to cook dinner, so it's canned chinese luncheon meat time! I put the pan on the stove carefully like it's made of cotton, subconsciously pour too much oil (I'm still learning), and played with it for a while until I remembered I was supposed to cook something with it. Then I put the luncheon meat in.  It's so nice to see your food not drowning in oil for the first time, it's like watching a Gordon Ramsey video live. And when it's time to turn it over, it fricking slides! I was grinning the whole time, I almost burned it while playing with it. Then after I was done cooking, I let it cool for a bit then cleaned it in seconds. I felt like I'm in a home shopping skit.  Can't wait to make eggs for breakfast! What is something you've done late in life?"	cc
"Today is my birthday. Today is my birthday, and I'm sick and can't get pizza, but my birthday other than that has been okay. I played a video game I like for a while, and drank unfathomable amounts of tea. Nothing can stop me from eating my overly-chocolaty cake either, so I'm going to eat that pretty soon. How has your day been?"	cc
"Zopiclone Is anyone else addicted to zopiclone and/or having bizarre, illogical and episodes of rage very similar to being black out drunk? (Alcohol has never made me this way, in fact this is the first time in my life that a substance has made me this way and it's scaring me. But I can't stop taking it)  I take 7.5x2 at a time, sometimes exceeding 45mg a night.  I would check myself in, but it has never gone well. I lose it. I feel like I'm a prisoner and the fear drives what I can only call a delusional ""prisoner of war"" mentality and the boredom makes me literally start bashing my head against a wall until sedated.  I have holed myself up in my room now since friday eating small meals and working out the best (for me) method of suicide.  Helium with bags and seal. Suicide by cop Taking an uber to the train bridge and jumping off into the icy water hopefully hitting a rock over dosing on street fentanyl going to a shooting range and waiting until the range officer is distracted and then eating it.  It's constant. My gf was driving on the Henday (100km freeway) and I was fighting the urge to leap out of the car.  The zopiclone is the only good thing I have. It's the only thing that makes me calm enough to just lay here or sleep. I cry when the netflix show is over because the constant ringing in my ears is back and the heavy compulsion to catch the bus returns.  I live with her and her brother and I won't look them in the eye nor do I want to burden them with this.  The thought of being in a locked psych ward is unbearable and the thought of being strapped down to a bed for days at a time deeply medicated (the meds cause intense cramping) is a horrible memory hence my desire for suicide by cop. It is a large deterrent to calling for help.  If believe in god. Pray that he stops my heart. I don't deserve to suffer like this."	sw
"Who else believes in the power of the Universe? Ask and you shall receive, seek and you shall find. "	cc
What are you listening to lately that you want to share? Musically or maybe a podcast. Hopefully not a leaf blower.   Mine.   Music:   [Twin Peaks - Making Breakfast](https://youtu.be/tl9SRsPbWLM) plenty of good stuff from these guys   [Allah-Lahs - Could Be You](https://youtu.be/2bBoBsUx5fs) plenty of good stuff from them too    [Teleman - Mainline] (https://youtu.be/rTRTXqm1MnQ) same     I need to step my podcast game up. 	cc
"Why do peopel scream while riding roller coasters? Hi all, I enjoy roller coasters a lot but I never see why people scream while riding. To me, it always seems like you never have enough breath to scream on the big drops. If you scream on roller coasters, please tell me why!"	cc
"I’m resenting my parents I’m 15, male, and I’m (guess what?) suicidal. Shocker, I know. Saying that I’m on this subreddit it’s pretty obvious.  I’ve recently unsuppressed memories of my neighbor tying me up and raping me. It took me a month to come to terms and tell my parents and when I did they said I was being over dramatic and because we were kids it didn’t count as rape. It was just “discovery” and every child does it but I promise you this was not ordinary discovery. I’ve heard of people just being curious so they ask their friend if they can see their genitals but this was nothing like that.  After I told them I was suicidal they said I was being a coward. That that was a selfish thing to think about and gave me a rant saying how hard it was when my cousin killed him self. That just made me feel shittier. They’ve gone through stuff very similar to what I’m doing and are expecting me to react in the same way.  I’ve looked up to my parents for years. Always told them everything. Now I feel like their love is holding me back. I know many people who care about me which makes me feel shittier for wanting to kill myself. It doesn’t help that I was followed home and assaulted a few months ago either. That’s just added to it all. I’m not allowed to say rape or depression in my house."	sw
"The thoughts got to me, i almost did it.. before i broke down. Last night at about 2:25am, March 31st 2018 was the date where i lost all my will to live. I had certain things happen in my life recently that ended up getting the better of me and i wanted to just not be around anymore. Then the thoughts kicked in, i become a zombie. I had lost all train of thought and no other way out. Thinking about what i was about to do. All i could see was the knife, the tub, and my own wrists. I pictured it in my head like you would do if your going to jump from one rock to another and then just end up doing it. My mind and body were just put to the test and i feel like i failed it. I didn't even make it to the kitchen light before losing it. I called any close friend i could to try and talk with, while i was balling my eyes out and breathing heavily. No one picked up... I cant blame them since it was so late and we haven't really talked on the phone in a while. But for some reason i thought the better option was to leave this earth still. I finally caved and called that hotline thats suppose to help us. I kept remembering that song Logic had wrote, what i would see on Facebook on some one should always reach out to you, and how this hotline would help you. I called, some one picked up and all i heard was ""Hello?"". I responded with just sounds of tears and out of breath motions and heavy breathing. I told them what happened that night, why i wanted to do it and what pushed me so far to the edge.   For some odd reason i thought i would be talking with some one who would be more sincere and lovable and just kind. I kept thinking a woman who sounds like Miss buttersworth would pick up and continue to call me ""Sweetie"" or ""baby"" in a sweet southern accent. But no i got some one who didn't sound like that at all. Just some one who seemed like they were doing their job, well what they thought anyways. I talked about my problems and what got me leading up to this point but she kinda just kept sticking to one part of the story that i had mention. Like the whole part was so important and that was the reason i wanted to do this. I hear a yawn from her here and there like she was so eager to leave or go onto the next call. It felt like i didnt matter at all to this person and that it was just some bad joke.  I thought this would be a hotline for help, i thought i would get more or just help on places to go to or what i could do better. But instead was just told to sleep it off, tomorrows a new day, and just get some rest and not think about it. I felt numb and completely stupid at this point. Wasn't sure if i would even wanna tell my friends what had happened. What would they say about me? Would they think i was fucking bat shit crazy? Would everyone think i was fucking crazy? You hear this shit all the time on social media or on the news about reaching out for help, but all i got was a pat on the back and a shitty over used phrase like it would help me to go with my call. I wasn't thinking in my head that this person on the other line had to give a shit about me but i just felt like i would be talked out of it more.   Was i wrong to think this? Am i just being selfish again and not getting what i wanted? Should i have just called back? I couldn't sleep at all. I had some friends message me later about a facebook post i had written. All it said was ""I fucking hate my life"" and that was it. I figured people would just see it as an excuse for attention or just some emotional kid being too fragile. I just couldn't believe i had these thoughts run through my head. I was always the person to reach out to anyone who needed help, i was always the person to be there for anyone, and i was the one to always be the better person. But i caved, i fucking caved so bad and lost all of my will. I wasnt sure where else i could go or where else i could type all my feelings in one. This is my first Reddit post and its about suicide? Fuck, am i wrong to think all this?"	sw
"Has anyone here ever packed up all their stuff and moved to a new city? I'm thinking about doing this. I've been living in the same area for my entire life and after graduating college, I'm feeling extremely restless. I feel like if I don't go out and explore a new place now, I might explode.   The only thing is that I'm scared to do it. I'd have to find a job there first and also a place to live. And what if I got there and realized that it wasn't actually that great? I'd be leaving all my friends and family at home for a situation that might only sound good in my head. I'm conflicted.  What are ya'lls thoughts on this? Do you like where you live, or are you looking to go somewhere else?  Edit: For some reason Reddit is only showing me one of the comments on this post. I can't see the rest of the comments, aside from /u/alright_x3"	cc
very sad sorry this post was pointless	sw
"What's the weirdest/most unexpected interaction you've ever had with a stranger? I ask because I was out buying milk today and this guy drove up to the shop looking at me funny. I live in Oman where staring isn't as aggressive as it is in the west, but, as a westerner, it still put me off slightly. Fast forward to us leaving the shop at the same time and he strikes up a conversation:  ""So where are you from?""  ""England?""  ""You're studying here?""  ""Yeah at \*insert school name here\*""  ""You look like you've been working out! Big... You have a nice body!""  Seeing as he looked about 7 years older than me and I'm a straight male who hasn't exercised in well over a month... this was weird.... But I've been worrying about whether or not I'm starting to gain weight and get fat, so it was also very nice!  &nbsp;  **tl/dr: random guy complimented my body and it was in equal parts weird and nice.**"	cc
"I have no options. I'm trying to find a place to stay to leave my abusive home, and I have 0 options.  I've tried contacting huckhouse and Lys for their transitional living programs that try and get you work aswell.  I've tried Cps multiple times  I've tried finding a person who will let me stay with them  I've tried contacting countless different churches and religious groups  I've tried asking everyone I know and trust  I need a resource that will help me get a place to stay, or a person, or a church, I'm 17 nearing 18. I have severe trauma issues and cant drive because of vision problems and it makes working very hard, SSI/welfare isnt an option due to my dads income and how long it would take to get on it according to a disability lawyer  Any comments saying ""XDDD why not just work lol"" will be ignored, if you aren't here to help then leave.  I desperately want to get into a safe place so I can be there for my girlfriend, I'd just kill myself if I didn't have someone I love relying on me, but I do.  I'm also trans (mtf), which makes shelters dangerous for me."	sw
"Does anyone else get anxious when replying to texts, even casual texts? Does anyone else find it super-nerve wracking to reply to text messages?  I don't have social anxiety by any means; I love to socialize and chat face-to-face but text messages make me super anxious for  some reason.   I'll procrastinate replying for days (if I reply at all) and I'm never happy after sending one. This isn't just in regards to serious conversations,the text I receive can be as casual as, ""check out my llama socks!""   Does anyone else do this?   ---  **Edit:** I never expect this conversation to blow up. I'm sorry for posting another one of those ""does anyone else..."" threads as I genuinely thought this would just be a chat between me and a handful of casual conversationers.  I'm relevied to see I'm far from alone. I'm even happier to see so many people have overcome this weird anxiety!"	cc
I'm at work but I wanna go kms My psychiatrist discontinued her practice and I messaged her on facebook and she ignored me and I tried to add her and she marked me as spam. Wtf I told her everything about myself and now I can't get any help	sw
"Change? If you could change one thing about your personality ie: anger, jealousy, etc. or change one thing about your body ie: height, hair, etc. what would you choose? "	cc
"I think I can actually feel my depression lifting! I just wanted to share that after about 6 years of deep depression that saw me lose my friends, my family relationships and even my job, I feel better for the first time. I've noticed recently that I've been thinking about my future, managing finances, even shopping for new clothes (still online, but it's a start).   Yesterday I started to listen to music again; music I used to listen to and sing along with, I listened to and sang along with last night!  I have also noticed that I can articulate my thoughts better and I even had a normal dream Friday night. My cats are cuter, days are nicer (though I'm still locked inside). Everything just has a brighter sheen to it.  It's not great yet, but I hope it continues. I've needed to move for my new job for months but haven't had the will. I feel like I might be ready to make a change that I've wanted to make for years. I don't know how this is happening, but it is!  I'm sharing it here because I don't really have anyone in my life anymore, especially anyone who knows this side of me and would understand how fucking huge this is. Hopefully one day that will change!  Thanks for listening!"	cc
i should have killed myself in 8th grade when i had the chance. who ever said it gets better is a fucking liar. fuck you. im done. 	sw
"Anyone else feel a bit lost on here? This is my first post I guess. I'm not too sure about the rules (mobile user) but I'm trying my best. I've always felt a bit left out on Reddit. It seems like everyone has a great sub they can connect with, but I don't. It's almost like I'm just floating through this mess of connections. I feel ignored mainly, and just lonely. My posts are not good, so maybe they don't deserve anyone to reply lol. I know I'm not special but it sucks when anyone who feels a bit disconnected.  Im half (two thirds) expecting to be ignored but I'll ask anyway I guess, can anyone else empathize?  Edit: oh my I'm actually a bit blown away I was expecting to be ignored again, you're all such lovely people!  Editedit: truly thank you all. I feel a little less alone right now. I can't tell you how much it meant just to have people talk to me, as stupid as that sounds (:"	cc
What’s a good way to go? I don’t want to be here anymore. What’s the least painless and effective way to go? 	sw
"Fucked up coping mechanism I've wanted to die for a long time now but when I'm at times when I'm especially suicidal I go onto Liveleak or Bestgore and just look up suicides caught on camera. I'm not sure what it is about it but those videos give me short bursts of happiness, at least enough to get through the night. I don't know what the fuck is wrong with me."	sw
"Bored at work. Let’s chat? I work as a machine operator but tonight is slow and I’m just kinda relaxing. (Don’t worry, it’s not taboo or anything. Perks of being “volun-told” to work on a Saturday)  What game are you currently playing? What book are you reading?  I had some amazing brunch today. One cool thing about me is I was a DNC delegate for Bernie Sanders. (Well, I guess depending on your political leanings. I think it’s cool and it was a great experience.)  What do you wanna talk about?"	cc
"Currently inpatient in mental health hospital As title explains, I'm currently sat inside a mental health ward due to depression and suicidal thoughts. And I'm still on the same path as I was before admission. I've been in here for one month now, only leaving twice with nurses to purchase cigarettes. I've rejected my family completely, and have only a handful of friends who have visited briefly a couple of times. I've been sedated, quiet and alone with my thoughts enough to see that the struggle isn't ever going to end, and that I am actually looking forward to leaving so that I can stop wasting everyone's time, bed space, and food.   I feel like I've already died but my body just hasn't realised it yet. I don't want anything to do with what has been, what currently is, or what could possibly be in the future. I'm young and otherwise healthy, so people don't understand. And that's OK. I'm not often a selfish person, but I see taking my own life as the one selfish act I am entitled to, and anyone I leave behind can sort out themselves as to how they feel and get on with it.   Life is like a party I didn't want to be invited to, and my friends are enjoying themselves but I am not. I am asking to go, begging, but they insist I stay. My leaving wouldn't mean that they have to leave. In fact, they could easily find other friends to hang around and pass the time with once I go. I'm just too tired and worn down to stay. It doesn't get better for everyone."	sw
"Lost in life with no career prospect and in need of career guidance I am a 22 year old college graduate living in somewhere in Asia (don't ask me for a specific country) with a degree in Information Technology. I have no passion in tech and only went into tech course because it was easy to get as my high school grades were poor. To make matters worse, there are no job opportunities in the industry over here, everyone who studied Computer Science, Information Technology or whatever courses related to tech have left the country to get a job in the tech industry overseas. The rest who managed to land a job in the tech industry over here are treated as wage slaves. Seeing people living in the states mentioning soft developer is a cushy 9-5 job on Reddit just blows my mind. Never thought jobs like these could even exist in the world.   I am currently working in a low paying helpdesk job and I hated every moment of my job. In fact I never liked the tech industry in the first place and working in the helpdesk have fueled my hatred for tech even more. Don't think I will ever go back into tech.  I am stuck with my degree and have no where to go right now. I have no idea what other career field I am interested in. And even if I do, I don't think I will be able to afford for college again. "	cc
"People can be strange sometimes Have any of you had one of those days where one of your friends will be ok talking to anyone else, but clearly, don't want to talk to you? Like they give very short answers, they look tired when talking to you, they look bored, they wont look at you, etc? Yeah, its weird. Its not really cause for alarm unless it lasts for more than a few days (for me at least), but it always sucks when someone you want to talk to doesn't want to talk to you. Can anyone relate?"	cc
"TIL I got banned from a liquor store For some reason I find it oddly funny. Basically I knew this would happen sooner or later cause I had come in many times drunk to that particular store since it’s close to my house and was several times denied a sale for being too drunk. Then about two months ago I got into an argument with another patron who was also drunk, and we were asked to leave but I didn’t know if I got banned. Well, as it turns out I did.  As immature as this sounds, I’m almost proud of myself, like it’s some kind of badge of honor that I did something stupid enough to get me banned from a place. I also find it funny how they can just ban people like that. I obviously won’t be going back to that store, but there are literally dozens of liquor stores that I haven’t been banned from so I’m not worried. It’s funny because it made me realize that it’s almost like the liquor store is a mini-country and the manager is the king. When I was young I often fantasized about having my own fictitious country, so this makes it even more funny. He may only be a liquor store owner but within the confines of the store he’s basically God. I just find that extremely funny  "	cc
To live and escape or die to escape? 	sw
"I can’t stand people who say “question” right before asking their question. There’s this guy at work who does it before every question he asks. Like dude we’ll pick up on the fact that you’re asking a question pretty quickly. Obviously Dwight Schrute is the one exception to this rule, but him doing it is supposed to be him being annoying anyways so he’s kind of making fun of people who are like that. It just drives me nuts. As you can tell him a pretty irritable person. "	cc
"Today is a very special day: as of today, I'm legally a woman named Ayane. Incidentally, today is also my birthday! [I'm the same girl from five months ago...](https://www.reddit.com/r/CasualConversation/comments/7gnwtr/today_i_am_presenting_as_a_woman_for_the_first/) I am now 22, and five hours from the time of posting this, I will have received a decree from the court to make it official.  It's been a long road getting here - a journey full of painful moments and sacrifices, but the fight is finally over. Today marks the beginning of my real journey, the beginning of my life as a woman. I never have to hide what is in my heart ever again.  I'm feeling a strange emotion - it's not exactly joy, but a kind of calmness or serenity. If I die now, I no longer have to worry about the thought of never having existed.  --- Update: Wow, this blew up. The deed is done! Thank you all so much for your kind comments. Even if I don't respond to everyone, I'm really happy that you care. You guys are awesome! <3"	cc
Nothing in particular Just really really wanna fucken die	sw
"Doing it tonight. I have everything I need to kill myself, except alcohol. I'm about to leave to pick some up. My wife and child are sleeping upstairs. I think now is the perfect time while my wife is home to take care of the him. She will find me in the morning and I'll never have to burden them again."	sw
"I just can't fucking take it anymore. My friend died, and nobody told me for months. my partner is so fucking selfish and doesn't even care about me, all he cares about is himself and making sure everyone pities him and doesn't force him to do anything he doesn't want to do because hes a delicate wittle twauma baby, which includes actually giving a shit about me and physically being there for me. He made me cope with my mother's death all alone and screamed at me for cheating after I got raped. All using the fact his mother never loved him as an excuse. All he fucking cares about is being able to tell people he knew in high school that he has a girlfriend so they don't think he's a complete loser. He never spends time with me. Right now he's in another country and keeps lying to me about coming to see me. He's pretending he's 30 minutes away from me because he thinks I'm stupid. Nobody else will ever care about me because I have a personality disorder that makes me fundamentally unloveable. I'm also fucking ugly, which even my partner admitted to recently.   I work a deadend nightshift job that's really hard on my body and live with someone who doesn't respect me and eats half of my food every week. I'm broke and my only family members who are still alive don't give a single shit about me. Everyone I love keeps fucking dying.   I have fucking no one. No therapy, no friends, no caring family, no loving partner. Absolutely nothing. I can't go to a hospital because I would lose my job and my life would suck even more.   I can't fucking take it anymore. I've known for years I was better off dead. People spent so long screaming at me that it gets better WHEN IT DOESN'T. all it ever did was get worse and worse and worse and worse and all I want to do now is die. I have no drive to do anything but kill myself. I can't even afford help. So fucking fuck it."	sw
Reddit is fantastic I have joined years ago but never had an interest in spending on Reddit since I joined and didn't have an idea about the platform but recently I came back to this platform again and found subreddits with variety of subjects and awesome people rising options. I still don't know much about the platform but enjoying going through communities. I spend most of times on FB but now I just found this platform really interesting. 	cc
"After over two years of trying, with plenty of setbacks, I finally made it into the 800 power lifting club. I lift by myself mostly and don't have anyone who would be as excited as I am. I just wanted to share with someone, it's one of those milestones you want to get out to the world.  I'm just chilling off and I'm going to celebrate with a fancy dinner somewhere.   In case anyone is interested, my numbers are  255 x 6 Squat 225 x 6 bench 325 x 6 Deadlift"	cc
"Anyone else just randomly wake up in the middle of the night? So sure every now and then I'm sure people wake up from not being able to sleep or whatever in the middle of the night, but what I experience is completely being aware and alert out of nowhere. I didn't set an alarm or anything just randomly woke up at 3 AM with loads of energy and awareness. Anyway does this happen to anyone else?"	cc
What kind of pills do you have to take to end it and how many? 	sw
"Can anyone help? I've been struggling with depression and suicidal thoughts, and I was wondering if anyone could recommend me some good coping skills you use to distract yourself. Thanks"	sw
"Someone just told me I was a ""bringer of evil"" that I turn people into bad ones. And thinking about it, this might be true, whenever peoples try to know me and hang out with me, they get depraved or violent ( sometimes toward me). I'm just a little lost over here ... am I the bad guy ?"	cc
Let's talk about your favorite song(s)! Music is such a wonderful gift to the world. Every person can put different meanings behind songs. Every person has a different favorite song and why it's important to them. Tell me about your favorite(s). Why is your favorite song your favorite? What special meaning does it have? How did you discover it? How long has it been your favorite song? 	cc
"I can't stand CTL right now I'm training for crisis text line and I'm hating some of their rules for helping texters.  They're trying to make me talk like a robot instead of an actual person someone could relate to.  Like you can't talk about yourself even if the texter asks (which makes no sense since we're trying to make them feel less alone).  And you're supposed to mirror back to them how they feel ""instead of parroting"" but it's still pretty much just parroting in the examples they give because they say how the texter feels right after they do which doesn't add anything.  And you have to give complements that are true but the examples feel so ingenuine ex.:Your willingness to reach out for help is truly inspiring.  I had to watch a  video of an actual CTL conversation and if I was that texter I wouldn't have felt uplifted at all (but that texter did feel better at the end so maybe the people who use CTL are the easiest to help I don't know).  Has anyone used CTL or anything like it and what do you like/not like about it because I want to get them to change their rules.  "	sw
"(17M) I'm going to kill myself on my graduation day May 25th. I can't get it out of my head. My life isn't especially bad, no more than anyone else's, and that makes it worse. I don't deserve to be so centre-of-attention for anything, and my melodrama and pointlessness makes me feel so much worse. My best friend (also unrequited love) seems to not care, I told her I felt this way, and she said she'd treat me to something to show how much she cared. She didn't. It's not even that I wanted the grand show of attention, it's that she didn't follow up, and seems to have forgotten about it. It's been a couple months. Me killing myself only really is so that I can stop feeling so unjustifiably worthless. It's like I'm much of a prize to be lost, either. I'm a fat goblin with no talents and no ambition to work. I have no redeeming qualities, apart from very occasionally being funny. Everyone around me is better off without me, or as is more accurately described: wouldn't be bothered if I were to disappear.   If someone reads this, thank you. Although, I'll probably get buried like normal. I hope someone on here has a good day. "	sw
"I'd really like to be more active on Reddit I'm not entirely a lurker, but I definitely spend the majority of my time on the site just reading and upvoting. I would like to be more active in communities pertaining to my interests, like poetry. I'd love to share some of my poems online, but I just can't work up the nerve. Anyone able to relate?"	cc
"Those little things Depression is a pain in the ass. I let one little thing get to me and then it just spirals from there. I hate myself for letting something so small to just irritate me and then I find myself feeling pathetic and useless. All the suicidal thoughts come back and it won’t stop. In my head I’m just to kill myself for being so pathetic and useless. In a burden on my family that I can’t bring myself to ask for their help. I want to die. I want to die because I’m afraid to keep living this way. I’m so tired. Why? Why do I have to keep struggling like this? There’s nothing I want to live for and there’s no desire to keep going. I’m tired of feeling like this. Last time, my plan failed and felt like shit afterwards. Thought maybe it’s a sign to keep trying whatever I can but it certainly doesn’t feel like that now. Why do I have to keep trying when I want to die so bad? For now they’re just thoughts but how long will that last before those little things pile up and become too heavy to bear anymore. I have to make a better plan for when that time comes. I’m alone and scared right now and I don’t know what to do..."	sw
"There's no greater smell than that of Spring. Hey, Reddit, hope you're all doing well. I'm just sitting here in bed with my window open a crack for the first time since last Fall. It's still relatively cold where I live, but I just realized - like I do every year - how much I missed the smell of Spring.  I can't really explain it; perhaps dirty, musty, metallic a bit? I'm sure there's some scientific explanation behind it (organic chemistry that leads to certain smells). Whatever it is, it smells so nice that I wish I could bottle it up and wear it as a perfume.  It's the kind of smell that rekindles a bit of hope in me. A sense of, ""Thank god winter's over!"", and the feeling of good things to come.  Am I weird for thinking there's a distinct ""scent"" to seasons, or have you noticed the same thing? What do the different seasons smell like to you? How do they make you feel?"	cc
"Why are people turning reddit into a generic social media site? Why is there so many people on this site today posting Facebook tier pics and uninteresting family pictures to subreddits where they're irrelevant.   It seems people are using this site as a Facebook substitute, why settle on a couple of likes when you could get 10,000 upvotes for something that's only interesting to friends and family.   The worst part is we seem unable to criticise any of these posts. People blindly praise submissions which have nothing to offer but an ego boost for the posters. Any criticism is downvoted to the bottom. "	cc
"I wrote a bunch of different variations of (kind of detailed) suicide notes and pieces about it, read if you want. Writing has helped me calm down a little Note 1: the philosopher There really isn’t a point to life. If I spend my entire existence trying to help people, the people I helped will just die off with time. I will die, they will die, and any memory of us will die too. But the earth will go on. Nature will continue, uninterrupted by my demise. Unflinching. The trees will never fear their own mortality. I will rot into their soil and they will grow stronger from my decomposing corpse.  So why is it that we value human life above all else? Why is your soul worth more than the rabbit under the ferns if you will both be eaten by the same worms, if you will become the same dust? Is it a basic myth that we tell ourselves to justify our violence against other creatures?  What is the logic of people who think they’ve found their purpose? Do they believe that they will make a lasting difference? A few generations, sure, but nothing lasts. Everything we know today will one day crumble under the feet of new generations, forgotten like the birthdays of extended families.  Note 2: the fml I’ve been thinking about Andrew a lot lately. Is this how he felt? Is this the fate we left him too? No, probably not. He had more problems than I do. I just consider suicide after every heartbreak because is living really worth going through this again.   I don’t want to start over again. I don’t want to start a new life in a new city and make new friends. I never want to fall in love again. I don’t want to feel like this when it all falls apart. I don’t want to feel this pain again. I know you’re saying that my life won’t fall apart like this again, but you’re wrong. It’s happened before. I fuck up the same way every time and I can’t stop. I’m lucky if someone stays my friend for a few months at this point.  I can’t handle the cycles of my own life. I probably need to be medicated, institutionalized, lobotomized for my own good.  I’ve craved death for a long time and I don’t know what’s different about now. Maybe I’m getting weaker with age. Oh well.   Note 3: the bae Justin, Im sorry. I don’t want you to think this was your fault. It wasn’t. I love you.  I loved you.  But I fucked up. I fucked everything up like I always do and I can’t live with myself knowing that. I want you to be happy. Forget about me. Please.  This is the third time I’ve tried writing this note, but it’s the only one addressed to you. I was trying to pretend that you weren’t the most important thing in my life when I was writing those and it just felt wrong.  So I have to write to you.  Just you. The plane tickets I bought for this summer in Europe are in my name, but I want you to take them. Go for me. Ask my dad for my laptop and everything should still be logged in for you. The password is ********. I didn’t want to see the world alone anyways. While you’re in my email, please email Kathy ***** and let her know what has happened. She is a good friend of mine and I don’t want her to think I am ignoring her. She does not deserve that.  You can have whatever you want from my stuff, just please make sure that my great grandmother’s wedding ring makes it back to my mom. It’s in the jewelry box next to my bed.  Your shirts should be in my laundry bin. They’re clean but I couldn’t keep looking at them, so they’re there.  I’m sorry to leave you with this. You shouldn’t be responsible for me anymore but I’m afraid you’re the only person I trust to do it.  I don’t know when exactly I’ll do it yet. I was planning on jumping off of the bridge when I’m in San Francisco but it would cost my family a lot to ship my body home once it’s found. Maybe I’ll ******** or ******* myself to death. We’ll see.  I should have talked to you when we were together but I just brushed our problems under the rug like they never even existed. I guess that was my biggest mistake. I’m sorry that I hurt you that way, I should have been there for you. I should have been by your side. I wish you could know the real me. I spent so much time trying to pretend I was normal so that you might be able to love me that I never really got to know you either. I guess, if you want, you can read my journals and letters. All they will tell you is that I have been very, very sad for a long time.  Please know that this wasn’t your fault. You did what you thought was best for you and that’s exactly what you should have done. I was not good for you.  Give your cats some pats for me.  Until we meet again,  Note 4: the formal apology  This is not your fault. This is not anyone’s fault but my own. I wasn’t strong enough to handle the things that I brought onto myself, even with all of the help in the world.  I am sorry to put my friends and family through what I know is to come of this, but I hope they all understand that this is for the best.  Layla, Chris,... I am sorry to put you through this again. No one should have to face that kind of loss, but I am unable to handle myself. I have no will to live to see another day, another sunset, another first kiss. The light does not outweigh the dark in my life, and if the same is true in your own life, I hope that you are stronger than I have been.  The people I once thought to be my friends no longer care to say hello to me in passing. Many of the people who I once loved and called my friends distrust and, in some cases, despise me. It hurts me to remember what once was, knowing that the loss of the things that once made my life live-able has resulted from my own actions. I have tried to be better but I have failed. Mom, Dad... I am sorry that you have to burry a child and I am sorry that I will not live long enough to make you as proud as I has once hoped I would. Now, at least, you can worry about yourselves and find happiness. I am also sorry for the people that helped raise me, the family members and teachers and neighbors with whom I was extraordinarily close. I hope they know that they have not failed me, but I them.  I apologize the most for the friends I rarely see. My penn pals, my long time no sees. They will wonder where I have gone. Someone who has access to my laptop, please let Kathy **** know what has happened to me. Her email should be in a folder labeled pen pals. She is a good friend, and has been for many years, and I do not want her to think that I have left her. She does not deserve that.  On the other hand, please do not idolize this. I was hated by many, disliked by even more. Please do not allow those who belittled, attacked and degraded me use my death as a tool for dealing with their fears of their own mortalities. If they did not already know that this was coming, they were not a friend. I am not asking for blame because that will just be more painful, but please, don’t lie to make yourselves feel better about this. Come to terms with yourselves. If you must blame someone, blame me. If you want to blame truthfully, blame society.   Those friends who knew this was coming will probably be hit the hardest. I am sorry. There is nothing that they could’ve done. I have struggled with depression for many years. I began self harming in elementary school, more notably as I grew older. I have abused drugs and alcohol and men for years in order to deal with my emotional issues. To those I have caused suffering in trying to deal with this— Anthony, Justin— I am, again, sorry. Although I have tried to hide the issues in my life from those around me, it has become increasingly difficult for me, so it is likely that you suspected this. I don’t need to list every terrible thing that has ever happened to me to justify my choices— many of you already know— and if I did do so it would likely be seen as manipulative. Yes, I have sought out psychiatric help and therapy, I’ve tried every outlet for my emotions... art, writing, music, sports, sex, drugs, love... and it has been ineffective. I have developed digestion and joint issues as a result of my stress. I often cry so hard that I throw up. Although I have been very happy, I am more often than not very, very sad.  There are some people who chose to abandon me even knowing that this was coming, some of which I know care very much about me and are trying to help themselves. I am sorry to have pushed you away. I would have liked very much for our relationships to have ended on a higher note.  I am disappointed in myself and my actions throughout my lifetime and have come to realize that no number of good deeds will have me forget this. I have been a bad granddaughter, a bad student, a bad peer, a bad friend, and a bad girlfriend. I realize now that my past cannot be shaken. It seems that journalism, the only thing I truly thrived in, brought only more unhappiness to my social standing despite my love for it. This letter is probably my least edited piece of writing.  This looks much more like an apology than what it truly is, but that is because suicide is often miscommunicated. I am not doing this because of my last heart break or a bad grade or anything so trivial. I do not want anyone to be blamed for this, I did everything I could to make sure no one would be able to stop me. Please do not say I had a bright future ahead of me— those who have known me well know that this is the only ending I have available to myself, it was just a matter of when. It could’ve been twenty years from now, but I would have just suffered longer. Although there are people to whom I would like to write individually, I have chosen not to do so to spare their psyches. I don’t want to pour my heart out when it wouldn’t change anything. I know this because, in the most relevant cases, I already have. If they want to hear from me again, give them my rough drafts and my journals. There is enough for another 20 years of conversation with me, at least.  I have contemplated this for many years and I am sorry to leave you all with this emotional burden.  I wish you the best,  Note 5: pov I am standing on the San Francisco Bay bridge and I will not survive my jump.  Tomorrow, or maybe next week depending on the tides, they will find my body on the rocky shoreline.  My white lace dress will be heavy with cold Pacific water and my skin will be marked with scratches from the sea floor. Maybe my eyes will have rotted out by then, or have been taken by seagulls. I may not look like myself, but myself is not happy and I will be happy. I am in the city for a convention. I tell my roommates that I am leaving to take photos of the sun over the Bay. I will not come back. Although I look very put together on the convention floor, my friends at home know that I am not. If they haven’t already accepted it, they have a feeling in the back of their mind that I will not be coming home.         "	sw
"My Misanthropy makes suicide seem like a good option. Why keep living if most people are extremely hateful, hypocritical, and ignorant of things they can easily know.  source of why I feel like this: Being a transgender bisexual who's been abused to all fuck and seeing how most other christian's dont give a shit about loving other people as one myself."	sw
Appreciated thread for other animals There are many appreciation threads for human animals so we'll change it up a bit. Post about anything positive about other animals. Whatever you wish. All constructive posts are welcome. Thanks.	cc
"Struggling, I hate my birthday. So today’s my birthday and I’m all alone in my room depressed. I hate this day because it means one more birthday wish to finally be happy to not come true. I’ve been crying all day and want this day to pass. I was hoping I wasn’t going to have to be alone contemplating suicide all day. "	sw
"I need to get this off my chest This is my first and most likely last time posting something like this, so I’m sorry if this is worded badly. I’ll try to keep this post short.   I’m a 16 year old trans male. I have depression, anxiety, and god knows what else. Lately I’ve been contemplating suicide. The only reason I’m still alive is because of my best friend and the person I love. He’s suicidal and is close to going through with his plan. If he dies, I plan on killing myself too. I can’t afford to be alone again. I’ll blame myself for not being able to save him. Failure is all I’m afraid of at this point, not death itself. I’m ready to die and I can’t help but finally feel at peace with myself."	sw
"Should I have 1 roommate or 2? Working in the area. I have the option of 2 similar apartments, both within walking distance of work.  Working in DC area.  deciding between 2 places to live...both have utilities include $900 to share with 1 person $600 to share with 2 people  one bathroom for each place. what do your all roommate situations look like, if you have them?"	cc
"I miss touching people Had a rough breakup sort of recently (I guess), and I miss human contact in that way. I usually don't like people touching me and get uncomfortable, but it's just different, you know? It's been so long since I've gotten a hug. And not a hug, a *hug*. Like I'm sure I could get a hug from someone if I really wanted to, but it's not really the physical aspects that I'm missing. I mean a little, yes, but also the emotion behind it. Sorry if this is a little money, just felt like I needed to say it somewhere"	cc
"Any good crime subreddits here? I like reading Buzzfeed articles like, ""23 Creepy True Crime Stories"" or ""14 Wikipedia Pages You Wish You Never Read"" during a long, boring, slow 8 hour shift at work. However, I wanna find a good subreddit with stuff like that. The regular crime subreddit is ok to me, but I want something better! Anyone know of something good? Thanks :)"	cc
"Whenever I try to get help with anything, I just get people telling me they don't believe me. And then they start suggesting I do things I'm already doing. And people get angry when I tell them I'm already trying to do those things, and they just repeat themselves. They act like everyone's life is the same as theirs, and then they get everyone to stand behind them. And I get downvoted to hell.  How fucking hard does life have to be to get to the point where NOBODY believes it's possible???  I'm starting to feel like anybody who was able to have a decent life from nothing actually had a good life all along and was just chosing to throw it away and be negative about it.  I'm someone who actually needs to die"	sw
Why is it seen as wrong to want to commit suicide? 	sw
"I don't know what to do anymore, can someone please make sense of this? Hello,  I want to introduce myself before i go. I'm a 25 year old engineering student(yes i know i'm quite old, but i didn't take school seriously until recently). I feel like a failure because my highschool friends are already starting a family and have great jobs. But anyways, i was never really suicidal until last year where my GF broke up with me out of no where and decided to date a mutual friend of ours. It's crazy how much rage i felt and how helpless i was. I tried to kill my self that night. I took 40 sleeping pills but i just end  up hallucinating(my brother and friend took me to a hospital, they are the best).  After that event i considered myself lucky and promised my self to have a better life. So i decided to stop school for a bit because of my mental state and go find a job. I landed a well paying job and i was happy for a little bit, but they couldn't afford me anymore so i was laid off. So now i'm just in my house and waste my time watching, playing games, and started smoking marijuana regularly. The MJ usually just help me sleep because my medicine gives me insomnia.   It's crazy how i still think of my ex every hour. It's been almost a year and i still can't get over it. It drives me nuts, i wish i could just delete my memories.    What really bother me is that people actually care for me. My family love me unconditionally and my friends are there to back me up. I also have a psychiatrist and a therapist that are doing their best to help me.  I've been prescribe these:  1.Trinelex  2 Concerta  3.Rexulti  4.Lamotrigine  They help for a little bit but only for a few hours.     ** Fast-Forward:**  I'm really trying my best. I just want to go. I'm already thinking of making suicide notes for my love ones.  I know how much it will hurt them and will probably blame themselves for not helping me. Which is not true. I just wish they will understand that the only one to blame is me.    Sorry for this long post.     "	sw
"I'm 15, and my life has no joy or excitement. (English isnt my first language) I live in a country called the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus, most of the people here are close minded and homophobic people. Since i came out to my mom when i was 12 my life's been going horribly. I just want silence, peace and to be alone. As i am writing this, i am in my bed, alone, the only time i actually don't hate anything in my surroundings other than my self. My  grades are always horrible, even though i seem to understand what we are supposed to learn in class i always find a way to fuck up my grades... I have a dream, in which I went to university in england, i had a happy life and a great job and i even had a husband. I was happy in that dream. But thats as impossible as the moon becoming green. I hate every moment of my existance, i have great friends, really really good friends who i love deeply from my hearth, but i want a fresh start, an escape from this torture. Thats impossible though, there is no way in hell i'm getting out of this country with grades like this. It would honestly be world if i was dead. I dont want to live anymore, i dont want to feel pain anymore, and i dont want to stand this anymore.  My mother is a homophobic and close minded bitch who find everything i do wrong. My dad in the other hand isnt that different from my mom. Just a little bit more dumb and stupid. In the past 3 years, i dont remember being actually happy. Not having that thought locked somewhere in my head. ""Just kill yourself"" and i really do want to die after all the things i went through and all the shit that was thrown right into my face by my mom for being gay. I want to end it all. I feel disappointed in my self. There were many times where i was just one step away frim taking my dads pills, i even wrote a note for my friends and only for them. Because they were the only ones who actually cared. Since my own mother bullies me... the thought of suicide is always in my mind, in school, at home, on the streets when i see tall buildings, when i go to a cliff. The only thing i think at those times is ""would i die if i jumped from here?"" or ""would overdosing these kill me?"" And the answer was yes, most of thr times. But i didnt. Im nervous. I do want to die but i cant seem to get my shit together and just, end, it, all. "	sw
"How to help your SO through mental illness I’m sorry if this isn’t the right place for this post, but I don’t know where else to go.  My SO suffers from depression and anxiety. We’ve been best friends for 10 years before we dated and he has never really expressed to me when he’s feeling which things, so I don’t expect him to start doing it now. He’s more open about his anxiety since we started dating, but I have no idea how he feels about the other stuff.  He’s been suicidal for quite a few years and I have no idea how he feels now. He says he would never leave me like that, but I know it’s much more complicated than that and therefore do not find that believable or comforting in the slightest.  The fear and worry has pretty much consumed my life. I don’t know how to help him, how to believe him, how to support him, or how to know he’s okay. I feel helpless. I feel useless.  I’ve considered calling the suicide hotline just to get some insight of what to do when you’re the person on the other side of the situation.  Does anyone else feel this way with their SO? Does anyone have any advice of what I can do to be the best GF to him I can be? I’m at a loss."	sw
"Are you happy? Am I happy?  Well today, I can say that I am happy because I was able to spend a really nice time with my family today. Earlier this morning, We went to church and went to an adventure park after. I somehow conquered my fear of crossing a hanging bridge. It was really hard for me because I'm acrophobic. But I felt proud of myself when I crossed it inspite of being all sweaty and teary-eyed.  As for my life, hmm. I can't really say I'm happy but I'm pretty sure I'm not experiencing severe depression. Sure I feel depressed sometimes but not too often. There are just a lot of things I worry about. There are also a lot of things that makes me sad these days. Especially when I get to see my university batchmates living a totally different life I'm living. I'm 25 this year and I see some of them enjoying their life travelling with their circle of friends, some have their own families, some got their dream career and well, here I am stuck with days that have been a routine already. I like my job but there's nothing challenging about it. Sure, it's easy and I should not complain about it but sometimes I feel like asking myself, 'Is this really what you wanted? Don't you want to explore yourself more and know more things that you're capable of?' ... But I'm scared that if I leave my comfort zone, I won't be able to come back there again.    I have loads of things that I want to do but I don not know how to start them. Sometimes I think it's too late for me to do spme of them and I'm worried that society might judge me negatively about things I do. I know I should not get affected by what other people think but I can't help it. There really are times that they tell you a lot of ugly things they see in you.  "	cc
Getting back into this Hello everyone! Its been a long time since I've posted on Reddit and I really miss posting here (especially from this sub). So how has everyone's week been? Any good plans coming up?	cc
"Anyone else here currently/was homeschooled? What was your experience like? How did schooling work? I'm curious because overall it's been kind of shitty to me, and I'm wondering if that's just me or if it's as bad for everyone. Especially education itself and the social aspects. I used to be super social but I never got taken to social events or anything with other kids, and over time I've turned into a major introvert. So especially socially, how was homeschooling?"	cc
"Enjoy Your Bed Next time you get a chance to lay down in bed, just lay there and get as comfy as you can, and then just really really think about it. How comfy you are, how you’re not doing anything else, and just enjoy it. 10/10 would recommend. "	cc
I'm probably gonna kill myself tonight I'm 19 and my moms dead my dad doesn't give a fuck I'm going to school and just got sent to collections because I can't pay my car just got repo'ed and my life is falling apart I have nothing going for me. I'm gonna jump of my building tonight just wanna tell someone 	sw
"5 questions. I'm bored and can't sleep and would love to read your responses. If there's a story, even better.   1. best part of today so far? 2. how many people have you dated? 3. fun fact you share at ice breakers? 4. favorite drink? 5. what's a cool thing to know a lot about?"	cc
"I think I'm just gonna kill myself soon. I've already failed once before and no one seems to care then. I'm a burden to my family, friends, and the person I love the most. They all say they care, that they love me, but I know the only reason they put up with is because I'm suicidal. I needed a place to vent and no one else is awake. I'm currently trying to find a way to do it with hurting people on my life the least."	sw
"My productivity is at a low point right now. I feel lethargic and sleepy.  I haven't programmed (my hobby) in a few days, and I feel like I just want to lie on the floor and eat yogurt.  Have any of you experienced this recently?  How did you get out, or how might I deal with it?"	cc
Why can’t I catch a break? Why do bad things happen to me continuously? Why am I always making horrible decisions? I want to fucking die so bad. I just want it to be over. I can’t do this anymore. I just want to stop being in pain everyday.	sw
My dad found my note. Ever since I told him how I felt I've been getting a wierd vibe from him. He told me he would always love me. But I just feel like jumping off a bridge or something.  I know what I'm feeling/have done is wrong. (Read other posts)  I've ruined his relationship and our own. Now I'm sure I need to leave.  Dad if you read this I'm so sorry and I love you. ~A	sw
"I don’t think I want to go to a concert I have a ticket to tonight. I got a ticket for the band BadBadNotGood in my city tonight. I’ve heard great things about them live and have been looking forward to it for a while, but honestly I don’t think I want to go. I was originally supposed to go with a couple friends, but one can’t go because his wallet was stolen and can’t get in without ID and the other just bailed because they were broke. I’ve been to a smaller concert alone before and had fun, but that was during the summer at a much smaller venue. The last time I went to the venue of the show tonight was also on my own and it had a line up two blocks long. I ended up taking an Uber home because I didn’t want to wait 2 hours by myself in -20 weather. And honestly I think the same situation might happen tonight and I’d rather just avoid it entirely.   If the weather was nicer (currently -17 with wind chill) or I had someone to go with or could afford two uber rides I’d go. But I just don’t know if it’s worth bearing the cold for an hour of busing and an unknown amount of time in line on my own. The ticket was only $25 so I don’t feel too bad about wasted money.   What do y’all think? Should I try go anyways, or just wait until next time? Have any of you been in similar situations? "	cc
"my life sucks ass i can‘t even get out of bed, please i really need to die "	sw
This is me venting. At times I feel like just ending it. Like right now. They’re usually passing feelings but one day I’m just gonna do it. I can’t go on for very much longer. I don’t even know what to even do with my life anymore. What the actual fuck do I even do???? 	sw
"Irrational phobia that I have I have this fear of very contrasting colors, usually for complementary colors. For example when really bright purple goes with yellow, or black with turquoise,it makes me shiver and feeling disgusted... google tells me this is called chromophobia.. I also have this phobia of holes... does anyone have any irrational fears or weird phobias?  "	cc
"Looking for a way to die painlessly I know, it's stupid, but it's something I've been struggling with, I want to kill myself, cuz life is not good to me, even if I tired, but it's always too painful. This world is big and full of amazement. I love my family.  And now it's time for me to go. Please tell me how. "	sw
"F25 - Alternative School Teacher who has no friends outside of work. Seeking friends of all ages, nothing creepy. Hi! I’m a 25 year old alternative school teacher, I don’t really have too many friends, and I’m looking for some online friends that I can chat with. Nothing nasty or dirty, that’ll get you instablocked. Just people to talk with. I don’t really care about age ranges as long as your somewhat close to my age, and somewhat close to my age even makes the level I teach (high school) acceptable. "	cc
"End I just tried to strangle myself, but it didn't work. So now I'm gonna go find some pills and hang myself. I will find something that will work!!! I will die tonight!!!!!!"	sw
"Still can't believe that I bought tickets to watch Infinity War on April 25th. I'm almost 20 years old and I never had a opportunity to go to cinema. And now, my first ever cinema experience is going to be with a giant that is Infinity War. So fucking excited."	cc
"I’m trying to take care of my plants and spruce my home up a little! I re-potted (that’s what it’s called yeah?) some of my plants today! As spring is upon us i was like ”i’ve had these for quite some time maybe theyd like some new tasty soil” so i did so as well as i could at least. I don’t really know if I’ve fucked them up or if they’re gonna be happy! I did so to four of them, I think and split one to plant a small one in another pot. I also planted an avocado pit a while ago!  I’m trying to make my home look and feel nice which, for some reason, feels especially important now that spring is coming.  What do you do to give your home a little extra something?"	cc
"I'm a living failure. I was forced to go on a trip because my mom didn't want to deal with my grandma's complaints due to me staying at home. But no one ever considered my opinion. I tried to go there and get the best out of it. I had raised my hopes a bit. But the higher you stand, the higher you fall... I remember getting there early in the morning. Like, getting out of here at approx. 8AM. I got there at about 10. And I don't know, during the trip me and my family had an argument. When I got there I watched some TV and went for a swim. But I spent like 1 hour just sitting on the pool stairs, thinking. And my mom went to talk with me. She was trying to tell me that I need to loosen up. But I don't know, I just kept trying to find reasons to not do so. I didn't even wanna go on the first place. Then, after I was done, I went to take a bath and spent the rest of the day doing nothing. Then, as night fell, I went to search for some bugs and found a few spiders and Argo, a grasshopper. He was drowning in the pool so I picked him up and set him free. But he didn't wanna leave me. So he just stood there. Perched on my finger for some time. And I just stood there, with him, reflecting on everything. When I was just laying in bed, playing, some guy tossed a used diaper at me. I got so mad, I've got some anger issues tbh... Then I layed down and had some real hard time sleeping. I went to sleep at like 2AM and woke up by 7. Then I spent the whole morning watching TV with my Mom's boyfriend's daughter, and just chatted about our daily life. Then as I was going downstairs some asshole there sprayed water on me with a hose and I got mad at him. Then. My mom got mad at me for not doing anything when I went downstairs. We had a barbecue, and when I went to get something to eat, the same guy gave me some skewed cheese, even though he knew the skewer was burning, he told me to pick it up. And I felt nervous, and my mom was yelling at me about it. When I picked it up, my finger burnt so bad, I practically hurled the skewer across the room. It left a pretty nasty burn on my finger. When I was going upstairs to be alone for a bit, I picked up an umbrella because it was reeeeal rainy and at that same moment the wind knocked a Bluetooth speaker down from a wood beam close to where I was. And, jokingly, one of my relatives said it was me and people believed it. Skip forward a few hours, as I went to take a bath, I overheard my name and started paying attention to people downstairs. My mom saw me looking at them and thought I was staring at her. Then she started staring back and got mad at me again. As I was heading to the bathroom, I overheard my mom saying ""don't mind him, he's retarded."" And I don't know why, but that really struck me. Then I spent like a literal hour under the shower, just looking at my steamy reflection on a giant mirror they had inside the shower box. After I was done, a really annoying kid arrived and started to piss me off. I was holding me back not to throw him inside the pool. He's here right now by the way, and every 5 minutes he comes to knock on my door. What bothers me isn't even the fact that he's knocking, it's the fact that he just wants to play with my stuff. He doesn't want me. I'm just a walking laughing stock for everyone, it seems. That's how I feel at least. Everything I do is funny to someone in some degree. I feel like an animal in a zoo. Like a dog, just entertainment on legs. At night, when I wanted to just lay down on the couch, I asked my mom's boyfriend ""excuse me"" so he could let me through. But I accidentally bumped into him and he thought I was just pushing him aside. We got into a really heated argument. You could touch the tension in the air. then I went to sleep and today morning was just... Awkward. Packing was awkward. Having breakfast was awkward. Everything was awkward. The trip home, that kid kept bugging me to play with my PSP, even though he was playing on his own phone. Now I got home, and I just stood sat on my bed, holding back not to kill myself.  I'm sorry if I sounded bratty or played the victim card, I just... Sigh I don't know anymore...  "	sw
Do you think is worth it?... Worth living?... Why?	sw
"18 years old. going to go soon just can't go on anymore. every day hurts. waking up hurts. going to class hurts. falling asleep hurts. nothing gets better. antidepressants don't work. therapy doesn't work.  i can't make it stop. i want it to leave, but this pain just don't go away. it's been getting worse and worse and if it doesn't get better before my 19th birthday, i am certainly going to do it  i can't place my burdens on anyone else anymore. i have to go... my state of mind only pushes people away and hurts them."	sw
"Led Zeppelin Just started listening to Led Zeppelin.. And My Word do they produce music that somehow perfect fits my mood. You know, the whole low key but still badass vibe. Listening to them makes colours explode in my mind."	cc
"Who is the nicest person you've ever met? The nicest person I've ever met is my aunt (dad's stepsister) and uncle (her wife) in Hong Kong.  They're very hospitable. They showed us everything to be seen in Hong Kong, and guided us when we went to China. They took us to good restaurants, etc. They always check up on us if we needed anything. Mind you, this isn't just a two-day trip, but rather a 2-week vacation.  And they paid for EVERYTHING (including our domestic flights within China, train tickets, hotel, guided tours, etc.), besides our airfare (to and from Hong Kong). My dad kept insisting that he'll pay everything back, but they kept refusing.  Thing is, they don't even speak English or Tagalog (which what we speak at home). My dad however do speak Hokkienese.  They're coming next month, because one of my cousins (on my dad side) is getting married. They'll be staying over at our house. Hopefully we can repay the hospitality they gave us back in Hong Kong."	cc
"Deja vu. I know the Deja vu phenomenon, and I have asked a lot of people about it and everyonw in some way have experienced Daja vu. But I have not came across such thing in my life, how.come this is possible when something everyone experiences but not you?? "	cc
"I want to do it, but I’m too weak Everything has been going bad in my life. I want to end it, I just don’t know how or feel I have the courage too. "	sw
I'm so Lonely My friends live far away from me and I don't get to see them very much so I rarely get to talk to people who share common interests. It has been like this for the past few months now and it is really getting to me. Anybody else feel the same?	cc
"Fuck this bullshit Every day, I used to be hyped to go home from school to escape the pain. The standards are too high for me and everyone thinks I'm so smart when I'm actually just some dumbass kid who tries to hide his failing grades. My friends are all jerks, and they think I don't know that they don't like me. I spend most of my freetime at school trying to find people I remotely know so I don't have to look so fucking alone. I used to go home and just be able to sit and think about if everyone's life is like this, just sit in my room and cry. And I guess that was tolerable for a while. Now I don't even have that. My parents don't understand why I'm always so down and they always ask ""hey, are you okay?"" And I say yes and it just ends there, and they think they're taking care of me. They think I'm doing great, and I'm popular and smart. But I just live my life trying to fit in and achieve, failing, then coming home to my clueless and tormenting younger siblings. It's sad that I have to talk to online strangers about this, but my parents would just say it's bullshit and I'm overreacting and I'm perfectly fine. I'm fucking not. I'm a wuss so I can't end my life. I'm only 13 and everyone would probably think that I'm to young and immature to understand this shit, and I'm just complaining. I'm fucking not. I believe in God, and I'm praying for him to show me a sign that I'm just complaining, or that my life has a purpose, or that things get better, or even that he cares about me. I'm starting to question my faiths, but at the same time not because if he is still looking down on me I'll be punished. My life fucking sucks but I'm too worried about death, and at this point I don't think I can make a turnaround. I just want to fucking leave. 13 years old and I'm already at a break in point. Am I too weak? Is this a phase? Did life meant to be like this? There are so many people who go through this daily that it's hard to think this shit isn't twisted. It is twisted. Fuck this bullshit."	sw
"I don’t know how to help My closest friend in the whole world is suicidal again. Two years ago she made an attempt and was hospitalized. Five months ago she had a round of suicidal ideation. Now she’s planning, I believe. Her parents know, her therapist knows. She’s getting on antidepressants to help stabilize. But how can I help more? I’m trying to see her more and text her good morning and good night daily and I talked the the suicide prevention lifeline and they helped, but I can’t lose her. My friendship with her is easier than breathing. No matter how long it’s been since we’ve seen each other, it never changes. I will never have another friend like her. Losing her would irrevocably destroy me.  Please help me, I don’t know what else to do. I’d give everything for her to just get better."	sw
I wanna die on my 23 birthday Which is in a month.  I've been unhappy for so long and I just don't believe it gets better. I did all the work to get better and I'm still miserable. And unloveable. I feel guilty hurting my family whose been through so much but I just don't think I can let that stop me anymore 	sw
"Don't want to live anymore Hello.  This is my first time talking about this to anyone.    My parents describe me as serious during my infanthood which has persisted with me through the years (age: 18-24).  During my childhood I had brief instances of not belonging with my family.  They were fleeting, but occurred regularly.  One day I told my father when this feeling came on, but he quickly and somewhat harshly quelled me.  In addition to these feelings I found myself never being able to be genuinely happy.  During birthday parties, christmas, etc, I always had to force a smile to please others.  Growing up I had few friends and always found myself leeching off my younger brother for friends causing him to get upset with me on numerous occasions.  I never had a birthday party where I had friends over.  High school and my teen years were more or less the same, but I had a small friend group.  This lack of genuine happiness has constantly been there overshadowing my entire life.  I have never been suicidal before only sad.  Now I am suicidal, and I think about it daily.  If I were to do go through with it I would OD on an opiate.  At this point I am open to ideas and am willing to try almost anything.  Sorry that the writing is sporadic, and the transitions are non-existent.  Feel free to ask me questions so I can further clarify my circumstances.    "	sw
"So is anyone else on here going to college or university? Just thought I would have a talk about how things are going for everyone trying to get through their studies and getting their degrees! As for myself my studies are going pretty well so far. I have submitted 2 assignments so far (and on time!). For those interested I am majoring in psychology, and this trimester I am taking social psychology and cognitive psychology. Two fantastic choices I think. Social psychology in a nutshell is about understanding why we behave as we do in front of other people, it is about group dynamics, stereotyping, close and intimate relationships. Cognitive psychology is about things like object perception, memory; how we acquire, store and retrieve information. And I am also doing criminology as an elective, it has been great so far!  Anyway, enough about me what is everyone else doing and how are the studies going? "	cc
"It's weird when you realize that human civilization is just a huge roleplay event I'm watching this TV show called 'The Terror' - it's about 19th century sailors at the north pole or something. You can see that people are separated into groups - regular sailors, the leaders, the doctor etc. They differ by their uniforms and what they do. But then you realize that underneath all the clothes they are all the same. They are all just random packs of meat. But for some reason it has happened that this pack of meat is regarded as something more valuable than these other packs of meat so obviously it means that this pack of meat has to wear this specific hat with this specific color and size and that the other pack of meat have to do what this pack of meat says. It's just so ridiculous. If you stripped them all naked and threw them in a hole you wouldn't be able to tell which is which. "	cc
"I dont wanna be awake again Its been stuck in my head for quite some time, the thought of killing myself.   But tonight im finally done.  I dont want to wake up tomorrow.   I dont want to pretend I can cope with all the trouble and pain life brings anymore.   Im not gonna lie this is a blatant cry for attention, I fully intend to end my life tonight and I really just want someone to care. Its pointless I know but if none of this matters anyways why not call out for some random soul to comfort me as I work up the nerve to jam a knife somewhere important or perhapse just wrap a belt around my neck and let the life leave me... no matter what I know its going to hurt.  But then ill be free, I shall not exist to care about the pain and sadness and the crushing loneliness. I dont have to worry about the disastrous concequences of my chronic procrastination. The depression ruling my life will me gone... and me along with it but such seems to be an acceptable sacrifice.   I'm sorry to those who will be inconvenienced by my death but I honestly dont give a fuck right now. I just want it to end. I want it all to go away. I'm not sure if anything could help me at this point ive fucked myself over and im fully aware that its all my fault im only really posting here as a somewhat haphazard and entirely useless attemp at showing I exist. Proof that at one point I was a person. These files on a server somewhere will almost definitely be forgotten just like all the others here fading away just like me or trying to stop the inevitable decay.  Lets be honest, no one cares. I'm just some nobody with no real prospects, society has told me im broken my thoughs are wrong and evil I am just a monster and this world dosent need more lazy monsters. Ive seen my flaws and know how to fix myself but id rather waste away and end my own life than fix myself.  I suppose this ends my rather long possible nonsensical note  Feel free to forget about me, im not worth the wasted braincells, but thank you for reading this it feels good to think ill be remembered, atleast for a while... even if im not worth it "	sw
"I wand to die, but I don’t want to kill my self. I’m 18 years old, have about a month and a half left of high school, and my life has completely fallen to shit. My life has lost all meaning and nothing brings me joy anymore. I’ve spent over half of my life in Scouts and I have worked towards, and achieved, a goal that I cherish, but one which society doesn’t care about or admire anymore, that of Eagle Scout. The only thing that I have ever been truly good at, my instrument, I am getting progressively worse at, even though I practice every day. The last time that I experienced true happiness and elation was on New Year’s, three whole months ago. My friends don’t really acknowledge my presence anymore unless I initiate contact first, or I’m visually distressed and broken down crying. Wherever I am, I always have something on me, just in case I do decide to do it, but I don’t know what stops me every time I think about ending it all, why I don’t. I have nothing left, and do not know what to do, or where to go anymore."	sw
"What did you do on Reddit since your first post, and what are you doing on Reddit now? About a year ago, I started using Reddit, just to see what it was like. I didn't know much about this, ""Redditquette"" thing or how to not get downvoted, so I just posted my first thing on r/LeafyIsHere subreddit, as I did enjoy his content at the time, then drama happened, etc. etc. It got downvoted. I then moved on to r/rhythmheaven because I enjoyed that game a lot, but sadly, the subreddit doesn't get that much traction as of now, so then I moved on r/TownofSalemgame as I tried it out and it was much fun. Was an active redditor on there for a while, then I got bored from the game for about 4-6 months. And finally, I got into CS:GO and started following r/GlobalOffensive, to this day.  Now I come on Reddit just to see what's Hot currently in r/all and I now normally use Reddit whenever I'm bored."	cc
"I'm really sorry to bother you guys but can I have some recommendations for good drunk games? II sat in the bathtub drinking for a while, now i'm at my computer and want something i can play drunk solo.  Not anything too difficult I guess.  Thanks, let me know if this isn't allowed for a question!"	cc
"What Unusual pets do you have? Hey everyone, I just wanted to chat a bit and find out what kind of animals do you have as pets.  I had a dog some years back, which on itself is not unusual, what is unusual is that it is a cross breed betweent a Boxer and a Dachshund, which I can't seem to find online, and I've been searching everywhere to see if I can find it, because they are so [adorable](https://imgur.com/a/z6Zwl). This is mine from some years ago with my dad there. Does anyone else have any strange unusual cross breeds or other animals?"	cc
"Looking to help my friend Not really sure if this is the right sub to post this in, so please remove if it isn't.  For a few months now, my best friend has, unbeknownst to me, been depressed. I found out around two months ago when he came over to play some games. He had a hospital band on and, when I asked about it, he opened up by saying that he had tried to kill himself a few days prior. Thankfully, our mutual friend managed to talk him out of it in time for help to reach him.   He is going to therapy and seemed to be doing well. However, more recently, he told me that he's been having near daily breakdowns.   Beyond listening to him and helping him through the breakdowns, I'm not sure how to help him.   Any advice would be greatly appreciated."	sw
"My last weekend alive Im 20 years old, i have been depressed for as long as i can remember. My heart is broken, i have no will to continue living. I have thought about killing myself for so long, so now im finally doing it. Im never going to be happy. Im addicted to xanax and painkillers, it has been my only way to cope with everything. 20 years without one good day. I have no choice any longer, the xanax and painkillers are killing me anyway. So why not just do it now, everything is prepared. Im ready"	sw
"guys, im jetlagged AF. help. came back from china (13 hrs ahead of los angeles) on saturday night. didn't sleep at all saturday night. then sunday morning from 4AM till sunday evening 6PM, i was dead asleep, so i didnt sleep at all last night... now im just like a zombie trying to stay awake and suck it up and not sleep until 9PM tonight (my regular bed time).  what do you do to combat jet lag? should i just take a quick nap?"	cc
i hate being alive so much i hate being alive i hate being alive every moment is agony that would be resolved by putting a bullet in my brain or laying down in front of a train ive been completely misarable for 5 years despite therepy and antidepressens exercise and great people around me. if it werent for my frinsd and family i would have killed myself already. cant they see how awful i am and let this pathetic animal end its suffering. i hate being alive so much. i wish i was drunk i waish i was dead i wish i was dead i widh i was dead i wash i was dead why the fuck am i pprolinging this horrible existance for them when i have to die anyway. they dont even know how bad it is. i dont think they couod know. i hate myself i hate myself i hate myself. will anyone read this? will anyone care? does it matter? of course fucking not nothing ever has  edit: i want to kill myself i awant to kill myself i want to kill myself i want to kill mysel i want to kill myself i want to kill myself IWANT TOKILLMYSELF  WANY o kll myself ahhahahahant to kill myself i want to kill myself  nothing matters  so many people feel like this  i do too  it doesnt matter for them or me we live as we live then we die /  its almost funny in a macabre sorta way  no its not  edit; how emberassed am i gonna be reading this back later huh? that is if im not DEAD lolololo  ediet wow half an hour and youre still at it? WHATS UP WITH THAT?!?!  edit: thanks everyone. im gonna go try and cry myself to sleep 	sw
"I'm in this stage of my life where I am moving from 'college student' to 'working adult' and things are a lot more complicated then I thought. I had a really great time in college: academically successful, socially active, and a schedule that allowed for lots of personal freedom. In December, I graduated and a few months later, landed my dream job. I'm not complaining- I am excited for my new career and taking  a break from university; but, I don't think I was ready for the things that come with submerging into adult life, like only being free after 5 and on weekends or not being able to see my college friends as much. It feels a lot better than moving from teenager to college student, I have more of a sense of who I am and what I want, but the more rigid structure in my schedule and distance from my friends has made me a little blue.   Anyone else going through a similar experience? Let's get *existential*!   Edit: sorry about any spelling/grammar errors. I use a lot of brain power at my job and become sloppy after 5 PM. "	cc
"Any wisdom teeth stories? They’re usually pretty great One of my 12 year old molars are growing in and I’ve realized how much it must suck for babies that are growing all of their teeth in. It’s not growing in wrong or anything but my gums just hurt and I want to chew on something rubbery. I’m excited for my wisdom teeth... Any crappy wisdom/molar teeth stories, whether it be getting them removed and doing something stupid under the laughy gas, or just how it sucks to have them grow in? "	cc
"I'll be a ""27 Club"" member at midnight. At least I can admit all my failures and pain are 90% my fault. Now its just time to end it. I'll probably fail at that too, but at least must give it the college try."	sw
"Lonely Little Boy I am a child of fortune, the son of a doctor and a registered nurse. I have been given everything you could want in life. I was loved as a child - my parents divorced, there was some strife, but nothing so damaging to ruin a childhood. But I cannot remember being happy for very long.  In college I have been on paper a success - good grades, favorable impressions on my professors, a reasonable number of extracurriculars. I in fact have a recurrent drinking and drug problem that has been interfering with my schooling since second year and often fail to accomplish half the reading for a particular course, coasting through on low standards and good essays.  I am in my final year of college, writing a college [thesis] on child sexual abuse. The first day I began researching the topic, I was somewhat upset by the content; now the topic means almost nothing to me. I do not feel human reading this material, instead like some sort of lizard crawling over and through a corpse looking for useful scraps.  Everything I read about these horrible people seems increasingly to me like something I could become. I have absolutely no desire to molest children or rape adults or anything of that sort, but I am paralyzed by this idea that I could hurt someone. I feel like my every move is a mistake, slowly taking me down a path to irreparable damage to other people's lives that I can only solve by ending my own or making radical changes (e.g., telling everyone I know of the possibility that I could hurt someone, stopping all drink and drug use, isolating myself from society) that I have no desire to make.  I cannot honestly say I feel like a burden on others, or that I've been neglected or treated wrong or anything else. I feel I have gotten everything a person can expect. Yet I feel numb. I hate myself; everything I do seems fake. I look at the world and it is as though I am constantly kept from touching the surface. Nothing matters to me.   I have tried cutting myself and cutting off contact with friends, but eventually the pain gets to me and I return. Yet the understanding that something important was lost - hence the return - does not stay. I type this now, as though I am aware, but I am not aware, I still feel so horribly distant from everything I have ever done, every person I have ever been, and every friend I have ever known.  Every word I say I recognize as a lie and desire to retract. Therapy is thus like cutting my stomach, again and again, only to be told that the guts inside me were someone else's, and to try again, cutting deeper this time, as the viscera begins piling up in front of me, eventually obscuring the sight of the therapist, a mass of gore.   This metaphor is labored, which is exactly how I think, in tired cliches, the panting, halting breath of a sick dog. It all comes so slowly to me. I have trouble staying awake through a full day.   So many live with so little. I hope there is rebirth, somehow, so I can join them. No matter how much I give away, it can not erase that I have given society none of my effort and that I have no talent to offer.  The fact that almost no sentence in this brief does not predicate on ""I"" is confirmation of my own narcissism. Reading this, you may think I have no friends or family, but I do - they just mean so little to me I neglect to mention them. Their efforts to keep me alive cannot even receive notice in this lament.  I feel like a spoiled child, crying for pudding, as a steak sizzles in front of them. I want to be hung as an example. I dream of maggots eating me and awake both scared and satisfied.   What the hell is wrong with me? Am I alone? "	sw
"Teetering back and for with insanity I have chronic illnesses. Lately I've been having issues with my stomach and bowel movements. I'm pretty sure I'll be adding another chronic something to my growing list of problems. I never thought I'd make it this far. Now I'm an adult with no idea what I can do to make money because I can't hold a job or make it to classes regularly because of all my issues. I'm only 24 so disability is a long shot. I just want to die. My boyfriend has been so worried he suggested a hospital stay so people can watch me. I don't understand why I'm on this earth in constant pain and can't end my life without being ""selfish"". I'm so tired of not having money to do things I want. To buy things I need. To be able to save money so I can go on a vacation, leave the country. But I can't. I lose every job I get because I'll eventually not be able to make it in because my body shuts down. I feel like I've shut down. Like nothing will ever be better. I'm so tired of people telling be it will all be okay one day when I know damn well that's a lie. I feel so lost, hopeless, and trapped. I'm drowning in emotions. All I want is sweet sweet death. "	sw
"I love you all. I become upset and depressed on occasion, but the sheer scale of the suffering here really puts into perspective my feelings. I simply can’t comprehend the amount of sadness and grief. It’s like the notion of an infinity... it’s just too large to understand. I don’t believe in a God anymore, but if I did, I’d be praying for all of you. I love you and I want you all to know I’m holding you in my heart. It sounds trite but it’s true."	sw
No point in living if all I ever do is make mistakes Whenever I am faced with multiple choices I always pick the worst one. I only make mistakes in life. And they are all irreversible as well.                        These mistakes have built up enough (and I am 21 btw) to fully remove any will I have to keep living. 	sw
"I used the ""Authorized Vehicle's Only"" lane on the highway because I missed my exit. I decided not to drive an extra 20 miles this morning just because I missed my exit. (I was already running late to work as it was) Just wondering if anyone else has done this. I feel like it wasn't a big deal but it was technically ""breaking the law"" because I certainly was not in an authorized vehicle. "	cc
"I've become bored with my own pain I've been severely depressed since I was about 11. I remember being a really happy younger child with lots of friends, and then I started being the target of a lot of bullying from peers as well as from one particular family member who had a lot of control over my immediate family (she owned ""our"" house and frequently invoked her ownership when I or my parents were not ""acting right""). At the same time, my dad kind of lost interest in being involved in my life at all. I'm guessing that combination of things is what started the depression, but it morphed into something else entirely after a while. I  no longer really know how to interact with people and I feel sort of like a nonperson, like I have no real personality or self. I feel like I've tried on different things, but none of them fit. I used to talk to my few loved ones about how I feel, but I've found that people get very tired of hearing it and that it in fact really hurts other people to hear it, so I try not to overshare. I'm tired of hearing it, too. I'm like everyone else who has had over two decades of this feeling under his or her belt. I'm tired of it all. I'm tired of struggling, of rallying and getting knocked back down. I'm in therapy and I've tried many many medications. I have small stretches of improvement. But the depression is still unrelenting, and as I'm beginning to no longer be a young person, I'm thinking more and more that maybe it makes sense to commit suicide. Maybe this isn't going to improve if it hasn't in over 20 years. I can't imagine being able to tolerate it much longer."	sw
"What kind of food do you routinely eat on a daily basis? I try my best to purchase enough apples and bananas for the week and then eat them at least five days a week (sometimes I cheat on weekends). Bananas are right after lunch and apples are after dinner when I am hungry.   I can even feel when I don't eat fruit so I try my best to stay on some kind of consistency.   But what does everyone else eat that they have worked into their day?   Anybody else constantly eat nuts, fruit, vegetables, or meat on a schedule?"	cc
"suicidal + bipolar 1 + college freshman + procrastinating on 2 assignments due today/yesterday My head hurts so much but I had to get up after 4 hours of sleep to finish my assignments because I'm an engineering major with too many expectations around me. I can't write too coherently right now but I want to die. I'm not taking meds, I'm not going to therapy because ubering in this city is too expensive, and I've pretty much used up the short-term therapy this campus provides. I know that summer will be better because I will be able to sleep, but I don't know how the hell I'm going to survive 3 more years, plus actual job-finding/job-doing, while I'm such a self-destructive person.   A girl on my campus killed herself recently. That made me really sad but it still sounds tempting to follow. "	sw
I dont think I can do it anymore All I ever do is break my promises. I promised my mom I would get straight As that I would do my best and get better. Its April now and I have two Ds in my classes and a paper due two weeks ago that was a good portion of my grade. I wanted to prove that I could make it. I lived only to see the world change and for the love of my family.   I'm 17 and yet I feel like I've reached the end of my line. I won't get into a good college like I have always hoped or get a good job. I wanted something a cause to die for but I might have to settle for this.  My first suicide attempt was April of last year and I can't stop thinking about it. I'd have to clean my room first. All I can say is I'm afraid and I'm sorry to my family.	sw
"Hurting those who care about me has stopped being a deterrent. No immediate suicide plans, as I’m still thinking about things, but I’ve come to realize that one of my biggest deterrents is gone. In the past, there was always just, I don’t want to hurt my few friends or my few family members that I care about. I lived through my dad’s suicide, so I know it sucks to deal with. But instead, now, part of me wants to hurt people. I want people who said they cared but couldn’t be bothered to even say hi sometimes without me needing to throw a depressive fit first to feel horrible. I just really can’t care how bad of a person that makes me. It won’t even help to put this out there and yet again nobody will care, but I’m just sick of all this shit and it’s sapped any compassion I may have had left."	sw
"Dealing with daily thoughts  I'll be finishing College soon and starting a job, but lately, the last few months or so, I've had suicidal thoughts daily. I'm just curious to hear about others and how they're dealing with their thoughts. Most days if I just leave my apartment and try to walk or just distract myself that helps. I don't have any sort of active plan to take my life, so at this point I'm not really interested in doing therapy. I kind of just want to see how I feel after I graduate to decide any sort of plan of action. I've done talk counseling before and it did help and gave me some strategies to deal with anxieties, but the underlying depression has always been there. Basically I'm just trying to see what other people's motivations or grounders to their life. I don't want to die I just don't want to feel like this anymore"	sw
"Apparently I've done nothing right in my life I've worked hard, tried to help others, given of myself wholeheartedly, struggled with my demons, struggled against injustice, tried to reach outside my comfort zone, sought help, been medicated...all of it. Yet here I am alone and unloved, not even family by my side, and constantly on the verge of tears I have to hide from the world. People say have hope and love will find you, but it hasn't, nothing has. I am nothing. At his point I don't feel I have the energy to do anymore...to try to meet people, to live healthy, to work hard. I've done all that and it has got me nothing; I feel like I'm cursed and I have no energy to do anymore. What's the point? If I die today it's like nothing I ever did mattered, nothing was ever right. *I* have never been right. Maybe I'm not meant for this world.  I'm so tired i'm done."	sw
Reasons to live I’ve been falling back into my suicidal and depressive thoughts more frequently recently and I just need some stuff to live for. Can someone please help me	sw
"I am so over feeling like nothing and always doing something wrong and things going wrong... It seems I just can't get a break: mom and dad passed away in 2014 and 2015, 2016 I broke up with my bf because I got so frustrated with everything him stressing about his work, my brother sueing my sister and I, my parents dying...  At least I was lucky still that he took me back, I love him so much and he's gotten a great job where he's not stressed out anymore...  I had to quit my job because I got promoted and didn't get the option to be back to my lower position (it was less stressful), and now been like 8 months jobless.  2017, my bf's friend passed away from cancer...  2018, finally we could afford a small holiday to another state, we got back, we find out one of our cats almost died from a kidney disease, my last bits of savings to keep him going. He's healthier again and happy, and I'm glad I did it, but damn it, I know I should appreciate what I have, but I hate myself so much lately:  It's hard with my bf who isn't very emotional and we never do things together like watch a movie or anything, we just sit on our computers and talk to each other; I had a talk with him and maybe I got through him finally, but I just wish he would do something out of his way for me since I suprise him with his favourite snacks when he calls and has had a bad day, I listen to him every night complain about work, I cook and clean and I do pay for my own rent and bills since I have savings...  I'm just so tired of crying every night now, I called my bf's mother and wished her a happy Birthday, but they wanted to cut it short and kept asking about what I'm doing with myself...it made me feel baaad.  I've just been feeling like crap, I don't want to call lifeline because with all my problems they tell me to see a psychiatrist, and the last time I saw one he gave me medication that made me too tired. I went back, and he tried to give me even more medication on top of that. I have been functioning without medication for years after all of this crap, I know I need to work on finding a job, I'm not sitting around sleeping or being depressed, but I am so frustrated in not finding any jobs I want.  I just want a normal cashier job where I can scan items, talk to customers and go home. Not sales where I'm pressured to reach targets, not food because people blame you for everything (at least as a cashier you sell it as it is, not actually making the product)...and it seems just too much to ask for nowadays.  Not to mention I'm desperate to get attention all the time lately: I never get compliments from my boyfriend and I give him loads; but I don't know people or have friends that are into the same things as I am. Even with my boyfriend's family I feel like an idiot: His granddad went out driving with me, and I almost hit a gas tank and for that I feel everybody thinks I'm an idiot.  I just don't know why I should continue on: I always try to think it will get better, but then thinks always get even worse and worse...I'm even worried now that something will go wrong with my taxes and what I waste I am, I'm an idiot who can't do anything.  I always wanted to be a graphic designer, I did a bachelor of digital media but only two subjects were about graphic design and it was bullshit to create some kind of art piece, not following a brief whatsoever. I did 2 internships who both said my knowledge was lacking and was mostly changing facebook banners or marketing and I hate it now. Even becoming an illustrator, my art work never sells, it's not good enough no matter how hard I try.   I'm so tired, I just want advice or someone to listen to me without being tired or angry that I'm emotional again (Because I know how annoying it is to hear it all the time, I don't want to burden people I love with it all the time, god knows if my bf still has the strength to want to be with me)."	sw
"Waiting for temporary restraining order, scared in my own home. So last Sunday, the 25th of March, I [21 F] was at my local police station in NJ for three hours to get a temporary restraining order from my ex [24 M] who lives in Staten Island, NY. I was told he would be served within a couple of days and it’s been over a week now. He is still messaging me via social media on a fake account he created because I blocked all the other ones and he still sends random texts now and then in addition to the online messages. He made over 10 fake numbers off of texting apps to text and call me non stop and it’s still going on to this day. Yes, he has threatened my life and I have evidence of it BUT still no word if he has gotten served or not. I don’t know how much longer I can handle feeling scared in my own home and just dealing with this in general. It’s really driving me insane.   I went to court this past Thursday for the first time about this matter and met a lady from the Safe and Sound organization. She told me basically what I needed to do to get this rolling and that I need to get my order amended because there’s just not enough information on the order itself. After my name was called in the court room my case was put off to the next week, Thursday, April 5th, and the lady from Safe and Sound gave me some info about the organization and took me where I had to go to get my order amended. However, I couldn’t stay longer than I did that morning because it was such a last minute thing and I had other things I was supposed to do. So, I am going back to the courthouse today (Tuesday, April 3rd) and try to amend my order.   I called my local NJ police station to see what’s going on with him being served and I was told to call the 800 number on the report. So I did that and the man who answered said that, that service was not available in NJ. I also called the Staten Island Police station and they told me that my local station should have that info BUT my local station didn’t help me the first time I called. The officer who I talked to from my local station said to maybe call them back in the morning about it but I just feel so.... helpless and just a “why am I even bothering” feeling.  It’s 3:30 AM and I’m so upset I can’t even sleep. I just want peace. I recently just went through a move, I help my mom take care of my I’ll grandfather (which is really challenging because the man raised me and I hate seeing him in this condition AND it’s just a lot of work/stress being a caretaker. You get almost no downtime or just time for yourself.) My mom and I finally figured out a schedule so I can finally get a job again while needing to care for my grandfather so I’ve been going to interviews. I have no time and or patience anymore to keep dealing with this...   I just feel like I’m gonna give up soon. This harassment from my ex has been going on for months. I thought it was just going to die down but it never did so I finally did something about it. It’s just like it’s not a big deal to the officers I talk to meanwhile I’m afraid to be in my own house and I’ve been living like this for months now.   I just need some advice, some experience... something. I’m really coming to the end of my rope, I can only stretch so thin.  "	sw
I just can't anymore With any of it. I can't stand myself. I can't stand to be in my own thoughts and body. I'm just not normal no matter how hard I try to be. The only time I feel like a real person that can genuinely connect to other people is if I'm on something. I can't keep faking it. I'm so fucking tired of faking it. The thought of spending another weekend alone and in my head is too much to bear. I need to just do it already but don't know how.  Don't tell me it'll get better. I've been waiting my whole life for it to get better and it's just gotten worse. There's nothing left for me here. I've tried it all and nothing works. Nothing. Can. Fix. Me. 	sw
"I can't do this anymore I can't fucking do this anymore. I've been depressed since I could remember and I want to end it I can't do it. My childhood was shit and I'm still fucked up over it, I'm married but I can't provide for my husband when I'm like this-- he deserves better. Im a lazy shit head and no matter how hard I try im back to wanting to end it all. Maybe that's what I should have done all along. I was going to drink myself into oblivion tomorrow and take the entirety of the pain killers I have. I was never worth it, my family knows it, my husband knows I'm broken beyond repair. I just want this pain to end, these thoughts to be silence. Permanent silence."	sw
"Does anyone else find themselves in weird situations a lot? My landlord just busted up on my front porch and said “You look great” and then started screaming profanities and rapping in the middle of my yard until I agreed to stop working and crawl around in the dirt to deweed and hand rake a flower bed. I literally shut down and only did it because I was scared she would bust in my apartment on me if I didn’t..  What the actual fuck, lol. "	cc
"Why it’s so hard, why I didn’t get the choice to be born nor die !! Iam sducidal since i was 10 i took a punch of pills from my dads pills , went to sleep wishing i never wake up again . Then When i was 15 i tried to cut my wrest vine but turned out to be a daily habit !! I loved the pain it made me forget my inner pain .   When i was 17 i took 50 sleeping pills ( those over the counter ) and drank a pint of hennesy , i fainted for 8 hours ( or maybe just slept). Yesterday i took 10 mg xanax ( never tried before ) and some liquor, ended up sleeping for 35 hours straight. My problem now is im not depressed im just not interested in living, life been hell to me childhood is the worst, i have alot of caring friends , but its just not enough im really want to die im not interested in growing up haveing children and all this bullshit !! We all going to die anyway so why just go now and Rest In Peace.   P.S if you planning to comment please don’t sweet talk me we all know its temporary relief   Ill be doing 20 mg xanax today with some nice tequila and lime if i didn’t reply by tomorrow know that                                 MISSION ACCOMPLISHED  "	sw
"What music do you want to hear last? I've got an Explosions in the Sky album on. It's something I hadn't ever thought about when I'd been suicidal before, there's so much finality to it."	sw
"Your favorite sports player or athlete? I'm a little buzzed, and I've spent the better part of an hour watching NFL highlight videos on YouTube. Who's your favorite athlete? Doesn't matter if they play a professional sport or they're a competitive combat juggler. "	cc
"Does Anyone else get the urge to speak to a stranger, but cannot work up the courage? There's this guy at my college, whom I see all the time (we actually have a mutual friend) and I've spoken to him maybe once very briefly, but he doesn't know me. I see him a lot and I always want to speak to him because I find him so interesting, but I'm always terrified, even though I know that he's a nice person.  I'm afraid that one day he'll realize that we always end up in the same place, and think I'm following him lol. Does anyone else ever get that urge as well? How do you handle it?"	cc
"Why shouldn't I? Honest question. It's not even that I'm sad or hurt. It's just gotten to the point where I don't even remember what it's like to be happy. Or to be anything. Everyone dies eventually. There's no point to life, as it culminates in the same end for everyone, no matter what. I could see wanting to live if I at least enjoyed living. But every day for as long as I can remember has been the same. Struggle to wake up, struggle to get up, struggle to do basic life things. There's no more enjoyment in making music, playing games, doing things outside, solving problems, or maintaining friendships or relationships.   Literally nothing I've done for years has brought me happiness or fulfillment. It's not even that I don't see a future for myself. I'm doing ok in school in what should be an interesting, rewarding, and challenging field. But that too only brings tiring indifference. I am certain that if some deity told me for an absolute fact that the rest of my life would be like how the past 10 odd years have been, I would kill myself on the spot. The longer I live, the more it seems that I don't need a deity to confirm that for me. At what point do I just cut my losses?  I don't need encouragement or some kind of emotional appeal. I *want* to want to live. I need facts and reason. I can't feel, but I can think. I just need something to convince myself that it's worth it to keep putting myself through this. So why should I keep going? Why is life going to be any different in the future? How can I suddenly find happiness in things? I don't care how pointless that happiness is. I just want it. Otherwise there truly is no point."	sw
"please help me... I really don't like having these thoughts, but it escalated this time. I have a super close friend where I talk to them about my issues, and I feel so bad because I talk alot about my feelings and it's so much weight for him. Today was the last straw because he says I was emotionally manipulating him, that I was making him feel bad for what I say. I don't know if I was, but I felt so terrible with what I say. I feel paralyzed, I don't know what to do. I'm afraid to say anything anymore. I had bad thoughts, thinking about what would happen if I didn't exist anymore, thinking if I was gone, people don't need to hear about my worries, they can move on... I feel like I'm so insignificant that no one would really miss me... "	sw
Any athletes on here? Lets chat ! I have to interview some athletes on the sport they play and stuff regarding thier health for a school assignment. Anyone who plays a sport regularly or just wants to talk is welcome! 	cc
"I dont know what im doing I really dont know what im doing anymore. A little over a month ago my wife told me she was unhappy and that she wanted a divorce. A couple days later i moved out because it was awkward between us. I found out abfew days after that, that she had been talking to someone else for a while and that they are now dating (unoffically). She can tell me all she wants that she didnt leave me for him but i really so think thats the case.  Our anniversary was on the 13 of march which was the first day i attempted to kill myself. I drove to a secluded parking lot of an amusement park which is shut down until summer. I sat for three hours with a loaded gun in my hand, without the courage to actually pull the trigger. Since then ive tried more than 15 other times. There are several people who know that i want it to happen. Just recently i came forward to my dad, who yelled at me and took my gun away, as it was a present from him, and ive been keeping it in my car as im pretty much homeless at this point.  I have no one to talk to, and even if i did it doesnt make it any better, my ex now knows about me wanting to kill myself yet still refuses to talk to me. As of right now i plan on buying the biggest bottle of sleeping pills they have and consuming it all. Everyone keeps telling me that im young and that things get better but i dont want to go back to ""life"" as everyone else sees it. I dont want it to get better i just want it to be over. Once i have the courage.. i think ill finally get what i want.  Honestly, i think im only posting here to put it into words. No one else is listening and when people do, i dont want to listen back. I dont want to get better, i dont want to move on. I just want it to be done."	sw
"Today, I was on lunch buying bacon and met Jp Sears at Chipotle! I was walking to the grocery store to get bacon, when I saw Jp Sears enter Chipotle! After fan girling and getting the bacon, I looped back and introduced myself. Super super nice! And I got a pic! I hope your weekends are off to a good start like mine!"	cc
"will hospital workers honor a do not necessitate when it comes across a suicide? i am currently lying in a hospital bed. underent back surgery and have some major complications including I cant move my feet. i also cant urinate or use my pecker. I am thinking of offing myself while I am here. I'm over 40 years old and figure I've lived a good first half. I've got a nice stout extension cord from this laptop, a plastic bag from a trash can, some surgical tape, and a several painkillers I've been stockpiling. I'm planning on writing Do Not Resuscitate on my forehead, chest and arm. I have my own hospital room with its own bathroom. The nurses seem to let me sleep uninterrupted from 1-4 am. They do come in to take blood pressure readings and ICP - to relieve my bladder.  I was thinking of wheeling to the bathroom, locking the door, leaving the DNR notes with the sharpie, taking the pills, placing the bag over my head, secure the bag with surgical tape, and then using the laptop cord as a noose and hang myself from the shower head.  My fear is that a nurse or ordely will enter my room and find that I have locked myself in the bathroom and they will find my dying body and attempt to intervene. I don't want to survive with brain damage. will my do not resecuitate request be honored?  Are my fears valid. I don't want this to be unsuccessful . Any advice reddit?  "	sw
"I keep pushing away help, how do I get better? Ive been going through depression for a couple of years now and for the past year I’ve been suicidal. Very recently I’ve considered self harm, but don’t have the guts to do it.  I tend to push away people’s support, and even tried to get professional help, but saw it as pointless. What are some of the best ways to get better or at least help myself? I just seem to be running out of reasons to stay alive and as much as I want to end it all, I have not figured out a means of doing so yet.  I would just like some advice so it doesn’t hurt as much."	sw
"I have to believe that one day I will be rewarded for the good I have done/will do. I have to believe that the hurt & misfortune I go through has a purpose.I have to believe these things in order to make it to the next day.I have to believe that one day everything will be okay. But will it? I keep trying and trying and trying. Nothing is good enough. I wake up each day and try so hard to be better. I try to have a positive outlook on life. I try to be the light in the lives of others. I always go out of my way to help someone or text them or do something to make them smile. But it is never returned. If I don’t text someone first, then we don’t talk. No one ever calls or texts or asks how I’m doing. Because nobody cares. I’ve put on this happiness facade for so so long that I think people just think I’m always okay. They think I could never feel so low that I cry myself to sleep. Or cut myself or contemplate just ending it all. They don’t know that my anxiety has gotten so bad that I can’t control my crying or panic attack’s.  And those who do know, do not care.I used to be able to remain silent when being yelled at or look past why was being said. Now I can’t even do that. My instant reaction is to just break. I’ve bottled everything up for so fucking long that everything is the tip of the iceberg. Everything just piles on top of each other. And I just let go by crying. Because when I do try to explain why I feel the way I do I’m wrong.  I apologize for being upset with things that are said or done to me but no one apologizes for saying or doing the thing in the first place. I guess it’s just so hard for me to understand how nobody looks out for me because I am so empathetic with everyone and their feelings. If I know you’re going through something, I will try to make your day easier by helping you out and taking some stress off your shoulders. But when is it my turn? When do I get to have someone genuinely care about how I’m feeling? When do I get my thoughts and emotions heard and understood instead of bottling them up or being to blame? When? I have always been in the shadow of those around me who have mental health issues. And because Of it, I’ve never gotten help. Because my issues “aren’t as bad”. I need help so badly. I have considered putting myself into a mental health hospital but I could never afford that. I have looked into going to a counselor but no one is ever open during the hours Im available. Not like I could afford that either. I need help. I want to be better. But it’s so fucking hard when the people around me who have the resources to help themselves, don’t get help. They don’t realize how jealous I am i their opportunities. They have the chance to get help. They choose not to.  Meanwhile I’m struggling so bad wishing I could change. I’ve never felt so low in my life. My anxiety has never been so bad. My self esteem is almost non existent because every time I like something it is put down or made fun of. Every time. I don’t think I can do it anymore. "	sw
"I have everything but the will to live I have the most amazing and supportive family. I live with my best friends in the world who understand my problems and are there for me whenever anything gets bad. I have my dream job of owning my own brewery and investors that have put nearly two million dollars into a project that is based 100% on my ideas and work. For some reason all of this is not enough and I still wake up every morning dreading the day that follows.   I feel numb and find it impossible to cry unless I'm intoxicated and then it all comes pouring out. I am diagnosed with generalized anxiety disorder but stopped taking the meds (klonopin) a couple years ago because I was abusing them and nearly killed a man for calling my ex girlfriend a bitch while on it.   Five years ago I was in an accident and broke almost every bone in my body and somehow made a recovery; even after a MRSA bone infection inside my femur. Doctors thought I was drug seeking the whole time I had the infection and it wasn't until I sought a third opinion that I actually got treatment that saved my leg/life. I wish every day that I would have died in that accident or from the infection so that my family wouldn't have to go through the pain of having me kill myself. I have constant intrusive thoughts telling me to kill myself and sometimes even find myself saying it out loud unknowingly. I don't know what to do anymore, I've worn thin. I don't think I'll ever be happy. "	sw
"I've got a new phone but now I have to get rid of my old one, does anyone have attachment issues with their old things or is it just me? It's been a couple days since I've got my hand-me-down phone and I'm still coming to full terms with giving up my old one, it's the only one that's worked great and lasted as long as it has. Just curious if anyone else has gone through something like this too or not?"	cc
"I’m killing myself in the inside and some part of me doesn’t care. (18/M) My heartbeat skips a beat like once every couple of days. Just recently I collapsed on the floor due to dizziness afterwards I laid on the bed sweating like I have never seen before and a little later on I checked my heartbeat and it was 64bpm.  I feel like this is my depression and stress causing all this along with my lack of exercise. College is right around the corner and I don’t have a support system, I’m feeling stressed beyond belief. I’m constantly fighting with my body, do I die now or wait and pray that things get better. It’s so tough right and I have been fighting mental illness for 4 years now."	sw
"Does anyone else spend a lot of time ruminating before sleep? Hello redditors, near enough every night whilst trying to go to sleep I find myself thinking about things I did in the past, girlfriends, friends, things I got up to, mistakes I made, everything and anything really. But I also thought to myself last night I wonder if anyone else is like this too? Do the people that I think about ever think about the times we had together from their point of view? Got me thinking and I didn't know where to ask so I thought I would ask you lot.   Have a good day! "	cc
Do you guys think it is worth it to sleep? I feel like I'm in too deep to sleep but also feel like after this long without sleep my delusional side is starting to call the shots. Yesterday I worked from 3 pm to 10:30pm and I now have work at 930am to 10pm....it's 3:45AM. Part of me wants to go get some IHOP right now and just cruise around town until it's time to work...Part of me wants to sleep. I feel like if I sleep I may wake up with the rage of a hibernating momma bear and be dead all day. But I also feel like if I just commit and stay up I can just fight through it. What do you think? Am I crazy?...I feel like I'm crazy...	cc
"Finally heard back about an internship I applied to on a whim and SOMEHOW I GOT IT!!! A couple months ago I sent in a very lengthy application for an internship with the United Nations and I just heard back that I was accepted?!?!? I still cannot believe it is real; I keep re-reading the email because I really didn’t expect to get it. I was thoroughly convinced I was denied because it took them so long to respond. I’ve never been to Europe before and this is in Athens, Greece so I’m super excited! Also kind of nervous though. That’s normal right??  Edit: I love this sub! Thank you all so so much!!!! I feel less nervous already. For everybody asking about internship opportunities I recommend aiesec.org. Many of my friends have interned through this NGO. There are hundreds of paid and unpaid internships and actual jobs available, all across the globe."	cc
"Talk to me I'm congested I've been sick for about a week. It's hard for me to do anything because my headache/congestion is so distracting. Sometimes I'll have a short burst of energy and write a long post on reddit. I spent like two hours writing a movie review the other night while I was waiting to take a pill...and it got downvoted and got no comments! Arrrrrrgh so frustrating.        Today, I re-organized a dresser and moved some VHS tapes off a shelf to make room for DVDs. I've been re-watching Seinfeld from the beginning. Today I got up to ""The Statue,"" a great episode. I also had a mild PTSD flashback (to be clear, not a military type of flashback) and it drained all the energy out of me, so I might end up eating too much food tonight to recover from that.      Talk to me about whatever."	cc
"It’s gotten so much worse My suicidal thoughts and tendencies were for a long time only held back by the thoughts of my family grieving over me, but at this point, the thoughts have become so overwhelming that i could not care less what my family thinks. I am scared i will hurt myself or even someone else simply on impulse. What else can i hold on to? I’m running out of options/distractions."	sw
"How has your Saturday been? Told myself I was going to work on my research paper that’s due Friday. Instead I woke up to getting rejected by a girl and it killed all my motivation. I’ve been sitting in my room all day listening to music and just went to get a coffee hoping it would help me get some work done but nope. All my friends that live close and are willing to go out and do shit are away rn. Don’t even feel like playing Fortnite because nobody is on Xbox. But hey, at least I managed to take my dog for a decently long walk. Honestly thinking about taking her for another one because it’s so nice out. "	cc
"I'm resenting my kids because they mean I can't kill myself. I have two kids. The youngest is two. That means I have sixteen years. Sixteen years of torture before I can finally just die. I have agoraphobia. I have anxiety and anxiety gives me seizures. I have arthritis in both legs. I can't hold a job. I can't drive a car. I can't go to uni. All I can do is suffer, all day, every day, like I have for the last twenty years.  I'm so tired of pain. I'm so tired of being miserable. All that's keeping me here is the fact that I have responsibility but now I'm starting to resent them just for existing, because while they exist I have to as well.  I just want to die. Is that so much to ask? Just to end forever? What is there even to live for? To be shit on by a crumbling society clinging to a dying planet? To be tormented by the fact that I am a broken, wretched waste of a human being? I'm so tired of this. I just keep telling myself that one day they'll be old enough and I can die without guilt. I just wish it was today."	sw
"I'm a survivor of sex trafficking. I want to die. I reposting this to this sub because I haven't managed to find a person to actually talk to and open up to. But yeah, I feel weak and like I can't manage things anymore.  I just feel defeated. I'll start with the basics. I'm 18, I've been through a lot in my life and I recently got out of it yet today I seriously feel just as defeated as I was in my lows of lows.  I was grabbed off the street while walking home from school when I was 15, forced into sex trafficking and was abused in every single way imaginable. I've seen things that you don't even dare to imagine are true. I was getting raped, used, drugged, mutilated, beaten half to death, treated like an object and shit that's even worse on a daily basis. I had to survive being sold to the worst people on this planet. I had to not fight back when these disgusting freaks put their hands on me. I had to just lay there and take it. With every monster I had to deal with, I lost a part of my soul. to the point where I literally just feel empty now. I had to feel the pain of being raped 5 times a day. having thoughts about whether I was gonna make it through the week every day. And the thing is, After all of this I believe them. I believe that I am a piece of sh*t worthless loser. I see myself as fat and ugly. I can't look in the mirror. I hate waking up in the morning, I hate going to bed at night.  I've been out of there for a few months. The first few weeks were fine, But then it just went downhill. I literally hate my revolting ugly reflection. I hate my past. I hate that I can't close my eyes without feeling like someone is gonna walk in and rape the shit out of me till I bleed out again. I just don't feel anything. I feel empty. worthless. pathetic. I don't know if any of this makes sense but after everything I just started feeling like I don't even have ownership of my body. It just been used by so many freaks that I don't even want it anymore. And I don't think anyone will even find me decent looking. I'm disgusting and I'd rather just be dead.  After I got out I honestly tried getting my life put together but now I'm just back to thinking about giving up. I honestly don't see the point in trying anymore. I put all my energy on doing the state test, which I failed and I'm redoing in 2 days. I put all my energy on finishing my high school diploma and I managed to pass everything except math. but that only means I have to retake math hence I won't be able to apply to colleges this year. which only makes my parents more disappointed and pissed at me. My parents don't know me anymore. They expect me to be the same kid I was when I was 14. and in addition to that they expect me to be able to pick myself up and move on in life flawlessly. and they're right. I did want to go to college this year. I don't want another year to be alone with my shitty thoughts.  I got out of all of it, but everyone that's still stuck there couldn't. I had to endure living in a place where if I wasn't something customers wanted, I'd be offed without a second thought. I was getting raped to the point of passing out. I had to deal with the worst of humans. including pedophiles and fucking cannibals. And I got out. and I'm aware that others didn't. And I know I should be grateful. but all I feel is bitter, disgusting and suicidal at this point.  I hate myself. Everything about me is disgusting and I should honestly just slit my wrists the way I was dreaming of doing throughout my time in that hellhole. And I'm sorry again for this not having some inspirational or happy ending. It's just honestly where I am right now and What I'm feeling. This took me a bit to write and I don't know what the reaction is gonna be. I just honestly need a friend to call during the shitty nights. I want to feel like it's all gonna be okay but it's not.  thank you for reading this mess."	sw
as soon as i get a gun im fucking doing it 	sw
"Im so useless... I hate myself so much... It seems like whatever i do ends up going to shit. I try to do something good, and it ends up worse than before!  Why is this happening? Why do i have to feel this way? I guess im destined to be nothing more than a waist of space..."	sw
"I really want to but I know I can’t I don’t know what to do really. I’m fifteen and I just want to disappear. My life seems great, my grades are improving, my family is amazing, my friends are cool, I know so many people who act like they love and care about me and I’ve lost like 10 pounds In the last month but that doesn’t stop the pain. I do nothing with my friends outside of school and that’s what’s getting me down to the point where I’m considering writing my note. Everyone I know is always out having fun with friends, going to parties, hanging out with girlfriends or boyfriends, enjoying their youth, and I’m alone every weekend with nothing. All I want is to go to a party or to be with my friends but instead I sulk in silence and I’m to sad to do anything. Worst of all, because my life is so “perfect” whenever I get emotional my dad likes to remind me of how privileged I am and how I shouldn’t be sad, how I should “be a man” and not cry about shit. I would end my life in a heartbeat if it weren’t for the the thought of how sad my family would be if I were gone. I can’t picture my grandparents or my brother or even my dogs in a world where I kill myself and that’s the only thing stopping me from killing myself. My friends tell me they’ll “never recover” if i kill myself, but I know they’ll be fine. When I miss school no one knows it, when I don’t show up to things no one worries about me. I could kill myself and no one at my school would know for a week. I started chocking in class on Thursday and it took my table mates over a minute to notice. The worst part was when I was choking I was low key hoping that that was it and I would die. The big idea is that I’m a loser no one gives a shit.  Sorry for the incoherent ramble and for wasting time in your day. I’m fifteen I’ll be fine."	sw
"before i go. I'm slowly losing it. I'm in my 20s, I have a job I like enough, I have friends who I get to talk to when I'm not working, my relationships with both my parents are finally at a decent place. But I still just hate myself so much, and hate myself more than I hate my worst enemies. I've only tried to stay alive for so long mostly because of things to look forward to. I tried to kill myself when I was 15, but my mom stopped me, and then I kept trying to find things to look forward to. When I was in high school it was graduating, when I was in college it was graduating college and moving out of FL, when I was working in a field that I wanted to get into and was struggling to get my foot in the door, I just clung onto the thought that I'll make it somehow. Maybe it's been a bad few couple of weeks, but my ideation has gotten so much worse where I sometimes have prayed to go out a la Donnie Darko. I'm terrified that eventually all of those things will go away, and I'll have nothing to live for because things end eventually right? It's just easier to imagine a world without me in it rather than living in a world where I'm without anything, or worse, only left with my depression and anxiety. My dad tells me all the time that I have to find happiness from within, but I'm so afraid it's seeped away that I have none to cling to, so what's the point. I'm finishing up a current gig right now that ends at the end of the month, and don't have any prospects at the moment so I think I'm going in May/June/July, depending on how I feel. I'm visiting my best friend in June, so I have that one thing to look forward to. I just know that I don't think I want to be alive by my 25th birthday in July. Any suggestions on things I should try before I go? "	sw
Why do i always get comments like ‘i want too much’ or ‘what more do you want?’ Should i just die or what?	sw
"Another day at a job that pays less than a living, not like I'd be worth anything better... I'm so tired of life... "	sw
"I want to just shoot myself, yet I cant, I have the gun in my hand, but I just cant do it. Why, why, why , why, why, why, why, This is what I have dreamed of for years, yet I just cant follow through.... Why cant I... Why cant life give me just this one thing??"	sw
"The climactic monster fight in the 2001 ""Tomb Raider"" movie has not aged well... Like, I try not to be down on movies that use older tech to crete special effects. They were cutting edge at the time, and we loved 'em then. A few stand the test of time, as well — *Jurassic Park* still looks great. Hell, even *The Mummy* holds up pretty well. The Imhotep-face in the sandstorm doesn't look cheesy, and that's the effect that would age the worst in my opinion.  But this *Tomb Raider* thing. Jesus Wept. Big action setpiece with mythical monsters and great googly moogly. One of them looks like a rubber-suit kaiju extra from a *Godzilla* flick and the other looks like a downmarket Ray Harryhausen stop-motion practical effect. The scene also has that shaky-cam style which makes it look like the director watched *The Blair Witch Project* and couldn't wait to try it out.  I haven't seen the flick before, so I am not sure how good it looked in the era, but here in the mythical land of 2K18 and with my penchant for old movies, it looks terrible.  Let's hear your favourite bits of terrible effects in movies!"	cc
"Do you think that love is the answer? Do you think that the fulfillment, the longing for tender caress will save someone who never experienced reciprocal love before? Help me guys. I am heartbroken, in pain. She was playing with me all this time, a thought i had a chance. How foolish of me to think that. I do not understand. How can someone, who has been haunted by suicidal ideations almost all his life, feel so much love and affection, and never had the luck to have those feeling returned to me? You know what kept me alive all this time? HOPE! I thought someone would love me someday, i thought someone would show me that i matter, that she values me as i value others. All hope is gone. She was my last hope. I am at rage with myself for believing. I am really tired.  I am done, close to crying, how pathetic. Almost three fucking decades old and never been truly happy. What is the point of living? Tell me please, what is the point when you are not important. Why do i feel so much, i don't want to feel love anymore, nor pain, nor anything.    Why am i writing here again.... i guess i have nobody else to talk to. I am lonely, emotionally neglected. I wish i had someone to hug me. I am made of scars, scars that i fear will never fully heal. I will escape this reality, and i am at peace with the thoughts of the eternal sleep. Never to feel pain, never to see her, or anyone else. I wish i would rest at last, i so wish that my small heart will rest at last.   "	sw
"I'll just never be good enough After giving you everything, forgiving all your wrongdoings toward me, and loving you with every ounce of myself you go off and fuck him. Your friend. The one you said was only a friend. You said you wouldn't do that to me. You also said you loved me. You're the only person I've had for years, I trusted and cared about you but now it's hard to cry. You do this and I only feel numb. A knot in my chest that I just wait to go away. No release or feeling of closure, it just comes and goes knowing I can't do anything about it.  Why? Because I love you too much and you abuse it. Yet, all through that... Id still give you the world and tell you I love you right now."	sw
"Am i Redditing right? I joined a few weeks ago and I feel like I'm posting too much. Also, what's the deal with karma and why do I keep looking at it, hoping for it to go up?  I never understood Reddit but I think I'm all about it now. Anyway, how's y'all's weekend going?"	cc
Thursday .	sw
"I had my first week of uni About a month ago, I got my letter telling me I got accepted into university. Man, I was so excited, since I didn't expect to get accepted into pharmacy! Now, after the first week, I think it's quite hard, but still really cool. Do you guys study? What do you want to do with your degree later?"	cc
"Bye. I'm gonna commit suicide on the 6th this month, 3 days to go."	sw
"Being born with this curse makes life a road filled with sadness, bitterness and pain. Hello reddittors... I am a dude from Badalona, Spain. recently 27yo. Never had any job,  love, too old for university (I always wanted to go, but six years is too much), 0 networking, no money, uncapable to be productive in any way, and the country I live is a shitty place corrupted beyond salvation where you just cannot have a decent salary if you are not lucky enough.     I was born with Simplex Schizophrenia. Thanks lottery, less than 0,001% of all people have this shit and it had to be me.   It's a mental illnes that reduces the social skills of the person, the willpower to even clean the bedroom, and self-esteem to zero. I'm not even capable of tying shoes (I have never learnt, no idea why), and it is not a joke.   One thing that does well is make the cursed procastinate a lot. I feel like if I had a coma when I was  a teenager and wasted more than ten years. Nothing has changed since, except my slow approach to the end of this hell.   The doctors have tried many medicines that it is known that works, but on me it produces horrible symptoms, so I cannot receive a treatment available in Spain.     I would write much more, so many things, but right now i just want to get this right off my chest because while in bus I was thinking about killing myself. Tomorrow I will come again to see if have any response... Thanks in advance."	sw
"Helped a stranger and I’m heartbroken *edit* I just wanted to say thanks to everyone that popped in to leave a comment on my rambling. I was in a weird place but I'm better now thanks to you guys.  ----------------  I’m not comfortable talking about this with friends.   I stopped by A&W before class to grab a coffee. There was a young lady ahead of me in line that asked if I had any change. I told her that I didn’t (pretty much tied to my debit card now) and put my earbuds back in. She fumbled with a palm full of change and told me to go ahead of her. Between that, the way she was dressed and the state of her hands I got to the assumption that she didn’t have much. So I bought her the biggest breakfast they had. She told me her name was Brooke.   She thanked me and I started prepping my coffee so I could run to class. I could hear her sniffling as I left. I know she was trying to stop crying. If I’d stayed I would’ve been late for class and that’s a bad look for a teacher in the first day.   I feel like I could’ve done more but I don’t know what. It’s had me pretty fucked up for the rest of the day.   Brooke, in the odd chance you see this, keep your head up. "	cc
"I dont know what to say other than that i dont see a point. For months ive told myself that it (life) is too hard, and with EOC tests coming up, its either study and kill myself anyway, or kill myself now. No point in waiting right? I have friends, sure, but I dont want anyone to know about my depression, not even my best friends. I need to say something but cant."	sw
"Just discovered daifuku mochi and now it's my favorite food! I was visiting NYC last weekend and stumbled across a little Japanese grocery store. I bought myself a piece of daifuku mochi (this is mochi with red bean filling) to try, and I ended up loving it! I woke up early the next morning to go buy a bunch more and take with me when I left. Now I'm home and still enjoying my mochi, but there's no authentic Japanese or Asian grocery store so I'm not sure where I'm going to get some in the future. I suppose it will be a rare treat, but that will make it extra special.   What are your favorite treats?"	cc
"I heard a muffled voice through my earbuds last night. I had all my programs closed, and was running antivirus which didn't find anything.  I hadn't downloaded anything recently, I go on good sites, and was freaking out a lot.  However, [xkcd: Virus Venn Diagram](https://xkcd.com/1180/) pulled through.  It turned out to be radio influence from my neighbor, who has this giant antenna about 10 meters tall used to broadcast and talk to people sometimes.  For those interested, it only came through my right earbud when it was plugged in to the computer and the computer was plugged in the wall via the charger."	cc
The only thing that stops me from ending it is the fear of not being able to successfully kill myself 	sw
"Anxiety Ridden Redhead Looking To Chat Hey all, I'm Jessica and I have a lot of anxiety, I'm a single mom and have been in an emotionally abusive relationship for 4yrs. I'm getting out of it now and just want someone to talk to, not really looking for exchanging nudes or sexting bc almost all my convos devolve into that and it's so pointless. I want someone I can talk to, so maybe if you work nights and don't sleep all day, hit me up.  A little about me: I'm a single mom to a 6yr old son, I love history and am constantly reading historical fiction novels or biographies of incredible people. I'm a home baker and am trying to get my business off the ground, I love making bread, mini cakes, cupcakes, you name it, I'll try to bake it! I love music and have a tattoo of a treble clef behind my right ear. I am a huge nerd and love LOTR, HP, and Dracula (really just vampires, doesn't have to be Dracula, and I don't despise Twilight haha though it does have its issues). So hit me up if you wanna chat, I'm at home and bored."	cc
I don’t get how this sub works and I’ve never posted here but I think I need to What the hell do I even write here.   Currently downing a strong drink mostly to keep myself busy. Excuse the shit grammar because I’m just going to stream consciousness here. I might delete this tomorrow so that I don’t have to look at it later.  I don’t know if it’s something I’d go through with because I’m scared of it not working and having to deal with taking off work or whatever. Which is probably a weird reason but who cares.	sw
"Anyone else feel so...disconnected from everyone else? I wrote a big suicide note. I don’t know. I’m nearing 30. I use my looks to keep people around and satisfy my loneliness. The only reason I am still here is complete cowardice. I’m writing on here as some stupid last gesture, one I’ve made so many times before.  I’m not...happy. I don’t know what happiness is. I don’t know what friendship is, not really.  When I was in middle school I used to hate gym class. I tried my best to not participate. I got quite good at it. The problem came when we would play dodgeball. I was so good at being ignored by my fellow students that I almost always was the last one left. I hated that feeling...being on display, being so visible because I was inherently invisible to my classmates. I would pretend to catch the ball and then drop it. After this happened a few times I would pretend to be hit in the beginning, so I could at least pretend that I am visible to someone, even just for a moment.    My brain isn’t working, or maybe it’s my soul. I’ve tried all I’ve could - therapy...years and years of therapy, since my teen years, and medication. Oh good, the medication made me better able to go to school, to get my degree, to work in the corporate life. And what am I doing now?   I forget things now. I know I’m getting worse. My brain is deteriorating. Something is wrong with me, something I assume will be discovered long after I’m gone, and they will look at the descriptions of those suffering and think “how terrible.”   It’s all so stupid. Every last minute I am here."	sw
"Today I helped someone in the gym... I was showing my friend a new exercise for biceps. This guy comes up to me (noticeably a beginner at the gym) and starts watching attentively as i show my friend how to do the exercise. He finally speaks up and asks for pointers and I proceed to tell him how it's done. 10 mins later i look in the distance and I see him doing the very same exercise I taught him.   Story ends there but it felt so good helping someone new at the gym! The guy was so willing to learn that it actually made him really happy seeing him taking my advice! I felt like I was some sort of mentor lol. Definitely one of the best moments i've ever had in weightlifting that I wanted to share with you guys!  For all you beginners out there that are anxious about going to the gym: don't be afraid to ask! it was honestly a pleasure helping someone new, and the truth is most lifters feel the same way when someone asks them for help. Don't be afraid to speak up!"	cc
Goodbye Thank you guys for supporting me but in 1 minute i’m ending it all. god bless you all.	sw
"I got a bottle of Whiskey now all I need is to find the right time. I'm not a big guy, 5'6"". Could be wrong but I figure an entire bottle of 40% vol whiskey should be enough. I can't do it while my family are around at home and I can't do it while my housemates are around in college.  Right now I'm just waiting until I've got a good 12 or so hours to myself. I figure after a while my body will start rejecting it, I don't know how I'll keep it all down. It'll take some time but if I can get the full bottle down I figure that'll do it."	sw
"Why have so many people Jobs they don’t like? I have the feeling to read pretty often from people who aren’t happy in their current job. Why don’t they search for another job? I got my current job from a private agency which searched a job. Cost me nothing, i had to move but i love it. "	cc
"It's 2:48 in the morning and I just finished interstellar for the first time. I am amazed on how that movie is made, I am upset that I am now just watching it. I havent cried over a movie in years and I honestly teared up a lot during this haha. The ending was amazing. Did you guys enjoy this movie? If you haven't seen it I would recommend you watch it asap.  Anyways how is your day/night going? "	cc
"The last Sharknado movie is coming out this summer (#84) ^^^For ^^^someone ^^^who ^^^doesn't ^^^like ^^^movies ^^^that ^^^much ^^^this ^^^is ^^^my ^^^second ^^^post ^^^about ^^^movies ^^^in ^^^the ^^^past ^^^week  I just found out that the finale of the Sharknado series is coming out this summer. I was hoping that this series was never going to end, but I guess this is my last go at Sharknado.  I thought the idea of the movie was stupid when the first one came out and I had no interest in watching it. A month or so after The Second One (the actual title of the movie) came out I decided I might as well watch this garbage. I absolutely loved them with how bad they were and I was so disappointed that I didn't watch the first movie when it originally came out because I could've had the chance to be in The Second One as an extra since it was filmed in NYC. The third movie came out on my birthday the year it was released and that was the best birthday present I had. The fourth one had absolutely no plotline and was just filled with cameos that went over my head. I went to a bar with my best friend for the fifth one because we heard there was going to be a viewing party of it but we ended up missing the first half hour and the viewing party was just us and the bar tender; I have to rewatch that one before August.  I am so hyped though for the sixth movie cause it's gonna have time travel and who knows what else (I'm not reading anything about it so I can be pleasantly surprised when it comes out).  I know Sharknado is ripped apart by everyone, and I can totally understand it; but that doesn't take away from my enjoyment watching these movies. I hope I can find a legit viewing party in the city for it when it comes out (and if not I will throw one myself).  What's something that you were sad to see come to an end?  Ever make yourself do something just because you wanted to see what the hype was about?  What weapon would you use to fight against sharks in a tornado?  Has a movie/tv show been filmed in a location(s) that you know?  ---  ^^This ^^is ^^post ^^#84 ^^out ^^of ^^~~365~~ ^^360something ^^with ^^my ^^goal ^^to ^^have ^^a ^^conversation ^^on ^^here ^^every ^^day ^^of ^^2018. ^^Feel ^^free ^^to ^^comment ^^on ^^anything ^^I've ^^said, ^^answer ^^my ^^questions, ^^or ^^just ^^talk ^^freely ^^about ^^yourself ^^even ^^if ^^it ^^doesn't ^^relate ^^to ^^the ^^post. ^^I'm ^^here ^^to ^^chit ^^chat.  ^^It's ^^been ^^[11] ^^days ^^since ^^I ^^last ^^missed ^^a ^^post"	cc
"truth or dare Sup, having a chill and cruisey night tonight with some good vibes running high, which is a first in aaaaaggess, anyone down to play? Make sure to continue the trend by asking truth or dare after your response, towards the person giving the question, be prepared to answer any question, dares mustn’t be wild.  Edit: Fuck low key went onto my other account AlreadyNobody, if it seems Like someone hijacked the dare it’s still me "	cc
"A new update from my shitty life... I posted this: https://www.reddit.com/r/SuicideWatch/comments/64lvvz/how_do_you_guys_managed_to_hold_on_when_life/  And later this: https://www.reddit.com/r/SuicideWatch/comments/6h27k1/and_update_from_me_things_are_not_better_but_i/  So, I did get a great job... and was recently fired from it. I have a new one now, let's hope I'll keep it. At least, the great job I lost allowed me to clear all of our debts, and to put some money aside.  My health is starting to get better... as time goes by, the medication is better (I can now use a threadmill each day!) and the side effect less horrible (I can diet! I lost 20 pounds since about the last update, only 10 more to go to regain my good figure).  I now have severe ostoporosis, but I am taking medication for it... brooke 2 bones in two stupid accidents, so I've had a cast one and off for a while.  My concentration is getting better, my child is doing better. My wife isn't much better, but now, instead of being gone 100% of the day, 7 days per week, she is gone perhaps 50% of the day, 4 to 6 days per week, and no longer needs to sleep 14-16 hours. It's an improvement!  I am now able to follow audio-book. Reading isn't really back yet, but I am starting to be able to read longer and longer.  I spoke to a few FTD specialists on the phone, and it's not clear cut I will get it. My medication DOES cause speech issues, and as a proof, it seems to be getting better rather then to worsen.  Suicide seems less and less like a valid solution. I feel like perhaps, there is hope somewhere.  Plus, in 2 months or so, my child will have 1 year of high school left! That's something!  So who knows! Maybe I won't get sicker, maybe this new job will restart my hope."	sw
Need someone to vent to? I’m your guy! Hey all! We’ve all been there where we need to vent but can’t find anyone to vent to. I’m here to listen 100% judge free! Spill the beans to me! 	cc
"i cannot do this anymore i'm so isolated watching people just go about their day interacting with people is like watching some kind of higher evolved species. i'm so jealous of other people and i hate myself beyond the way which words can convey. i'm so fucking ugly i can't look in the mirror without getting emotional and i just wish i had something, better looks, money, social skills, so people would like me. all i've ever wanted was to be popular. to be the kind of person who could post on social media and get tons of likes and have people just message me out of the blue to see how i'm doing or if i want to do anything and that is something i have NEVER had and never will. i'm a virgin fucking loser who's never had a real girlfriend and barely any real friends, i was pulled out of school at a young age and was like home educated so i was basically alone just doing my own thing. i just want to be *loved* by other people and it's all i've ever wanted and i don't think i'm asking for much but the truth is i don't deserve it. i'm not getting into this incel mentality. the world doesn't owe me shit, not even my next breath. so as far as i'm concerned i should just fuck off and die and leave a fancy tip in my pocket for whatever unfortunate person has to deal with my dead body after i'm gone. people wouldn't even FAKE miss me. i've heard in the news about local people dying and people who i know would've never known them personally acted all sad and shit like they knew them and hey if that's how they felt but something just tells me they're just going along with the fucking crowd.  i cannot, and i WILL NOT go on living like this. and i know it'll never happen. people whose faces probably look like rotting avocados are not exactly social media darlings, most of the time anyways. so i don't think i'll do well there, and they probably don't get invited to that many parties either. i guess i don't know what i'm asking suicidewatch. but it seems like the further and further i go down this fucking hole the more i just wanna fucking jump off a cliff because that's exactly what's fitting."	sw
"Cancer and Autism and ruining me Alright , so where do I start? Well first of im a 16 year old boy with high functioning autism since birth. Im currentlyy 153 centimeters , which makes me a center of bullying. I am currently in grade 11 and have been bullied ever since grade 6. There wasnt a single year where I didnt visit the school director and/or counsellor because of me getting bullied. Nothing changed that I even had to move schools. Its highly noticeable I had cancer due to the multiple scars on my head, my height being another point of my bullying. I hate myself. I cry almost every day because no one understands me , in fact im crying right now. I dont know what to do , I am embarassed of having had cancer, specifically I had brain cancer. Since birth I was in hostpital till the age of 3. When I turned 8 it returned but was able to be controlled. I hate myself so much I dont care if it returns i would die any day of the week . I used to have a twin brother at birth but he sadly didnt make it (due to the cancer killing him which does make me sad , I wish I would have died not him) A small background story, when I was born the doctors said everythings fine, only my parents knew it wasnt. Uncle? Aunt ? Everything bullshit they always told my parents that Im not worth it, Ill never be normal I shouldnt deserve to ruin their life. Only my parents believed in me. And the only ones right now to. I have no family except them, and when they are gone, my family is gone. I managed to enter hospital a day before it 'would be to late' according to doctors but I wished it was to late!! I feel like I ruined my parents life, their family and they sold their house and everything for me to be alive because the health insurance didnt want to anymore. My mom almost got sentenced to prison for life due to illegal cancer treatment in Germany (so we went to Asia to do it but due to my german citizenship she almost lost everything for me to live) . I cant stop crying knowing what my parents did for me: Now to my autism, first of I dont have the autism where I cant really control myself. I can like i dont scream or so. However autism is difficult, I feel left out from everyone and everything. Even if I regonize it and remind myself of it,I will still struggle to speak and so on without even noticing. No one understands how I struggle with Autism everyday, especially with all the jokes people make about it or people with it ; I always hide my autism because I hate it. Im embarassed.  Lastly my height, nothing that can be done. Doctors said hormones impossible now its to late. Before the risk is to high I get cancer again and if I do they will end up in jail and my parents aswell. I will always be small. I wake up everyday thinking why I cant be like others. I just want to be taller. Like normal people. But im not normal. And no one accepts that. As said before it does cause alot of bullying the older I get.  Not trying to trigger , but I just dont commit suicide because I believe in god. And that he forbids it because there are millions in even worse situations. Normal people at age 10 do what? Well Im sure they didnt try to stick a knife into their chest to kill themself. (I remember exactly taking the knife it just the pain that stopped me) I legit dont know anymore. I cry for years , I know im not normal and not even my family accepts that. Its fine. I just want to die but my parents did all this for me I cant. Whats the chance of all this : cancer , high functioning autism and so small. wow . Im a burden and a mistake in this life I just want to die thats it.  I can atleast be thankful for me talking and walking, because the doctors never thought I will be able to do that. Heck I could just walk at 6 and overcame full blindness at 5 . Right now I have a lazy eye which does ruin me alot aswell. Efforts to fix it for 3 years proved unsuccessful. Does anyone understand me? Anyone , please? "	sw
"I'm going to kill myself. See ya Reddit. You all made it worse. I need you to know that. I have answered hundreds of posts on my main username helping and encouraging people. I've never treated others the way I've been treated on here. Thank you for reminding me the world is evil and that no one fucking cares about me. This will be my last post so go ahead and send all your hate in the comments and PM's. I'm sure my bfs will find them when he goes through my phone after I die. Thank you for reminding me that the world isn't ever going to be fair, that there's no such thing as karma, and that people are basically bad. I needed this last push so thank you again"	sw
I can't fucking do this I'm done I'm done I'm so fucking done this shit is fucking insane fuck this fuck it all fuck you fuck me fuck all this shit i cant do it i cant do it i cant fucking do it i hope the people who wronged me and dont regret it burn in fucking hell. if somebody fucking reads this then bless your fucking soul but im done its fucking over i dont know if or when im gonna commit but if i do it'll be soon and i cant take more help ive been in hospitals ive been to therapy and every day i fantasize my own death  fuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuck	sw
"I'm doing it after the Stanley cup playoffs I'm just curious as to who will win,I'll be gone afterwords so I don't see why I should wait,but whatever,I wish you all the best,goodbye"	sw
"Cracking knuckles (#98) ^^^I ^^^am ^^^in ^^^love ^^^with ^^^the ^^^current ^^^drama ^^^going ^^^on ^^^with ^^^this ^^^sub ^^^about ^^^the ^^^escaped ^^^470 ^^^pound ^^^gorilla ^^^and ^^^the ^^^poacher ^^^who ^^^lost ^^^his ^^^hat  When I was in 5th grade I was bored at some point in one of my classes. At that time I wanted to be a *badass cool kid* but I was far from it. On this particular day I decided to teach myself how to crack my knuckles. I figured it out pretty easy and haven't stopped since. I actually crack my knuckles three different ways now on my hands. The first is by balling up one hand into a fist and pushing against them with the other hand. The second is by doing the same thing but instead of having my hands in a fist, my finger tips are against the bottom of my hand [like so](https://www.wikihow.com/images/thumb/1/14/Crack-Your-Knuckles-Step-6-preview.jpg/550px-Crack-Your-Knuckles-Step-6-preview.jpg). The third is by grabbing each finger individually and pressing against it sideways. With my thumbs I'll just crack them by pressing down on them with my other fingers and then wiggling the top part while squeezing against my other fingers until the other knuckle cracks.  My hands aren't the only thing I crack. I can also crack my neck by pushing against my chin in both directions. My left shoulder by lifting up my left arm above my head and basically punching the air to the right. Sometimes my right shoulder by squeezing it in towards me. The left side of my jaw by opening my mouth and moving it in to the left. The back of my knees (repeatedly no less) by bending and straightening them. My back by twisting my body. My ankles by rolling them around. And my toes by squeezing them. Sometimes I can get my hip to crack my standing a certain way. Occasionally some other body part will crack accidentally and I'm just like ""woah!""  I've looked into it, and this does not cause joint pain or arthritis.  When I get nervous I end up cracking the knuckles in my hands a lot more than usual. Same thing when I am bored.  Sometimes when I go upstairs the back of my knees will crack every step of the way. This might be a problem. It also happens when I do box jumps.   I know some people who are absolutely disgusted/agitated by the sound of people cracking their knuckles and if I remember someone doesn't like it I try to be conscience of not doing it near them (at least audibly because many times I can't help it).  Sometimes my mom calls me a bitch (jokenly) when I crack my neck or back and she can't.  Can you tolerate when people crack their knuckles?  Do you crack your own knuckles or any part of your body?  What are your nervous ticks?  Edit- I originally ninja-edited something for grammatical reasons but reread it and realized I had it right the first time.  ---  ^^This ^^is ^^post ^^#98 ^^out ^^of ^^~~365~~ ^^360something ^^with ^^my ^^goal ^^to ^^have ^^a ^^conversation ^^on ^^here ^^every ^^day ^^of ^^2018. ^^Feel ^^free ^^to ^^comment ^^on ^^anything ^^I've ^^said, ^^answer ^^my ^^questions, ^^or ^^just ^^talk ^^freely ^^about ^^yourself ^^even ^^if ^^it ^^doesn't ^^relate ^^to ^^the ^^post. ^^I'm ^^here ^^to ^^chit ^^chat.  ^^It's ^^been ^^[25] ^^days ^^since ^^I ^^last ^^missed ^^a ^^post"	cc
Groomsmen gift ideas Having my bachelor party in Vegas.  I need some ideas for gifts I can give the groomsmen when we get there as a “thank you for being here with me to celebrate”.  Any ideas are welcome regardless of price.  The gifts also need to be a reasonable size as there are 7 groomsmen and I need to carry the gifts in my luggage.  Thanks guys!	cc
"Flying simulators (#95) Today my best friend and I went to the Intrepid Air and Space museum. I hadn't been there since I was still in single digits and she had never been. It was really cool walking around learning about military history and the different uses of all the vessels that the museum has. One of the features at the museum was a flight simulator where you had shoot down enemy planes. We bought tickets for that but waited until the end of the day to go to it (we had a really big lunch and didn't want to upset our stomachs, plus it was at the end of the museum).   After walking around for 3.5-4 hours we finally went over to the flight simulator and she got to see what it entailed: a lot of flipping and turning and all craziness. From the few times we've been to amusement parks together we've realized that her stomach can get unsettled on rides pretty easily. The entire time we were on line we were planning our route to the bathroom if she felt she needed to throw up. When we got on the ride the instructors told us that only one person can fly at a time and we can switch the pilot by pressing a button and end the ride with a different button. My best friend put me in charge of flying. I wanted to do all the crazy flips and turns and stuff, but I also didn't want to make her sick. I did some tricks and she was yelling at me, but it was all in fun. At some point I honestly had no idea how to turn us around to face the way we needed to go so I said ""You drive"" and I slammed the switch pilot button. Her controls were facing a way that we immediately flipped upside down and she quickly hit the button again and told me to fix us.   After all three minutes were up we got off the simulator without actually shooting down a single enemy plane. My friend actually felt fine and we were able to go through the last little bit of the museum with no problems.  I had done a flight simulator once before at the Air and Space Museum at the Smithsonian in Washington DC. I was with a different friend and again I was in the pilot's seat. I had absolutely no idea how to orient ourselves properly and so we spent a majority of the ride upside down with her yelling at me the whole time. It was fun.  Have you ever been in a flight simulator before?  How do you feel when you fly on planes?  Ever get sick after going on a ride? (Roller coaster, ferris wheel, whatever)  Do you have any interesting in learning about military history?  Are you any good at video games that involve shooting?  Do you like museums?  ---  ^^This ^^is ^^post ^^#95 ^^out ^^of ^^~~365~~ ^^360something ^^with ^^my ^^goal ^^to ^^have ^^a ^^conversation ^^on ^^here ^^every ^^day ^^of ^^2018. ^^Feel ^^free ^^to ^^comment ^^on ^^anything ^^I've ^^said, ^^answer ^^my ^^questions, ^^or ^^just ^^talk ^^freely ^^about ^^yourself ^^even ^^if ^^it ^^doesn't ^^relate ^^to ^^the ^^post. ^^I'm ^^here ^^to ^^chit ^^chat.  ^^It's ^^been ^^[22] ^^days ^^since ^^I ^^last ^^missed ^^a ^^post"	cc
"It's April 11 Two years have passed since the things in my life really started to come apart. Fuck, man. I don't even want to admit to this but, shit, I'm not proud of myself for living through it all. It feels like walking through mud. I can make it to the end of the bog but I feel so horrible the entire time that I forget what my motivation even was to begin with. It's 12:25 now, ten minutes after I started writing this potmst because I put my phone down in the middle of it and almost fell asleep. I'm exhausted. I'm not any happier than I was at midnight on April 11th, 2016. A lot of days I just feel like a horrible person. Like the only real purpose I'll ever serve, the only thing I'll ever amount to is making people upset and making them hate themselves and me. It doesn't feel like two years, because two years is a long time to me and I really expected something to change for the better by the year 2018. If anything's changed at all, it's a change for the worse. It's fucking 12:31 now and my last recent Google search (aside from this subreddit) is ""reasons not to kill myself"". It's a good life. I think I can keep telling myself that for another two years. "	sw
"Reviewing for exams First post here! So I'm currently reviewing for an exam the day before it will be taken, and now I'm thinking to myself that I'm gonna be screwed because one of the exams is about Filipino literature.  Also just because I procrastinate a lot "	cc
Kill myself today or next week? I figure my life will always be bad. I'll always be penniless loser so might as well end it now. But as I look into the la river I'm not sure if I should do it today.	sw
"welp. I discovered last week that I got into a top-choice college. It was amazing! I'd gone on a string of rejections for a while, and was really beginning to doubt myself, but to see myself get into THIS particular school... it was a euphoric feeling, to say the least.  But then I got the financial aid package.  I've pretty much accepted that I won't be attending this school. But it's a gut-punch. All of this work, and even more continual work to raise the funds, and it still won't be enough. I'll admit, I spent three days straight crying over this. It's all been for nothing. I've asked anyone if there's any sort of way short of a miracle to raise the money I need, but there really isn't. It's as if everything I've been doing these past few years of my life were just four years that I was pursuing the wrong thing.  It's just... I know this is extreme, but I've just lost a will to live. I HAVE grappled with suicidal ideation before, but never has it felt this intense before. They come and go in waves, so to speak, and usually in very stressful situations for me. I've always been able to work through it. I just get the feeling this is going to be a longer wave than usual.  Special thanks for reading my vent. I do believe I will be able to get through this as well, but at the same time I wish I'd just been rejected altogether from the school rather than accepted and unable to afford it. I'd probably have been able to move on easier, considering that this was my final decision following a string of rejections.  "	sw
"17f - growing tired hello reddit.  i'm not sure where to start but, lately life has been particularly hard for me. i won't go into specifics in a post, since that feels a little too risky given my situation, but i'm dealing with a lot of stuff by myself. way more than a 17-year-old should have to deal with, especially not alone. i just feel extremely physically and mentally/emotionally exhausted constantly. i don't have any friends and i don't get along with my family. i've always felt that i have a purpose, but in general, i don't see the purpose in human life, if that makes sense. humanity disgusts me, and i don't see it getting better, i just think it's gonna get worse and worse until we end up in WW3 and start killing each other. i don't get why i should keep living when i'm just miserable all the time and i'm gonna die eventually either way.  why not just get it over with now so that i don't have to deal with any more pain? i've already had more than i can take."	sw
"just finished my note talk to me a bit before i go? i dont wanna die alone   edit: thank you all to who commented, sorry for not responding i was on the phone with my mom for 3 and a half hours, i feel a lot better now. you guys are awesome and thanks again!!"	sw
"I'm really feeling close to ending it... I just don't see a whole lot of reason to go on. First, there's my ongoing problems. A 19 year old who is depressed and never leaves home. I have no motivation or aspirations. They've all been drained out of me over the years and has been almost entirely depleted. And even then, I always wanted something outside of my abilities. I'm book smart, and that's it. Math, memory, etc. Stuff in the brain. But I never wanted that for myself. I've lost a lot of interest in video games. And I can't shut myself away and listen to music because my father won't let me. Complained it's too loud, but if I can hear anything, it defeats the purpose. Plus, he goes around with his monotone singing and he can hear his music and he doesn't care.  Which brings up a more recent point. My father has begun drinking hard liquor, a LOT of it. He's become emotionally abusive, insulting his kids, and his girlfriend (my mother), despite her making the sole income. And I don't like confrontation, so I just shut down whenever he gets in my or anyone else's face. My older brother kept him in check, but he has moved out.   I have nowhere to go. I didn't have any real friends in high school. Can't go there to calm myself. I can't get a job. I'm too anxious to go asking for one, and I'm prone to screwing things up. I usually just listened to music and kept to myself, but as I said, I can't do that anymore. I can't even go for a walk because I know I'm going to get scolded about that.  So, to sum up. No support, nowhere to go, terrible home situation, no longer any suitable escapism. I've been depressed since age 12, maybe earlier. I've getting the urge to just literally lay in bed and sleep. Because sleep is the only time I feel safe and okay. I've never committed major self-harm, but my will to live is getting consumed day by day. I don't think I have the courage to end it, but who knows? It's becoming more and more an attractive option... Can someone just... I don't know... What do I do? "	sw
"Hello Hi, I am Australian. I was just wandering what country you guys are from? This is my first reddit post!"	cc
"Nearly died 3 days ago I ate 40 pills of my antidepressants (mirtazepine) last Wednesday. Got driven to the hospital and had a seizure in the ER and ended up in ICU for a couple days, but after I'm actually glad I survived. Recovering well now and I'm pretty much back to normal. Anyways, I've come to realise life's a gift and things might seem like they're constantly declining, but there's always a chance that things can take a turning point. Since then, I've been meditating every morning and it's made a huge difference. I've started focusing on school again, rebuilding relationships with my family, music, and I'm actually happy for once.  Just keep in mind that things can always change (also I'd definitely recommend meditation) "	sw
"My dingus of a cat just looooves doing this! Every time he goes to drink from his bowl he spends anywhere from 1-5 minutes just dipping his paws in the water and licking them, over and over!   Then he gets his water all gross and disgusting and i have to refill it or else his highness refuses to drink!   Why does he do this?   What other sorts of funny, weird, annoying, charming things do your pets do? "	cc
"reasons for me to commit suicide and not to reasons for me to commit suicide :  1- my life has no meaning 2- i am mentally ill ; bipolar - 24/7 paranoid - anxiety - depression  3- no one seems to be intrested in me (relationship-friendship) 4- i always manage to drain people from their power and get them into deep depression  5- i overthink the smallest things  6- i always give and never get back (not expecting things from people tho) 7- i fail at the simplest tasks  8- my mind is easily distracted with people that i care about  9- i never take care of myself  10 - i will make some people happy because i did it  11- my closest friends ask me to kill myself at least 5 times a day  12- i cant get over my past (relationships / history / old friendships) 13- can't maintain a friendship  reasons for me not to commit suicide :   1- family - ""some"" friends probably just one or two would be sad if i do it 2- some say that i have potential  3- around 100 teenagers and adults life's depend on my advice and help to get through depression  4- my family needs the financial support from me when i graduate  5- religion aka islam   6- the ""future"" might be holding some good for me  "	sw
"Torn Constantly torn between wanting to end it all, and keep pushing on. Just feels like I’m too weak to end it all, and I care too much about making people sad. What a shitty feeling. "	sw
"Turned in a stolen wallet after witnessing the crime The title pretty much says it all. I was walking home from a late night class (literally like an hour ago) when I see this kid bend down and drop something real quick before running away. I walk over and see that it’s a wallet.   I don’t know what to do so I’m calling and texting people about it and my one friend meets me at the scene. I take a picture of the wallet up close and then far away to get the road sign in. The owner’s ID is inside but we can’t find her on Facebook. We notice cameras are nearby so that’s good for footage of the crime.   We decide to head to Dunkin to get warm while we call the police when lo and behold, four policemen are sitting at a table at Dunkin (how ironic...). We walk up to them and tell them what happened, what the perp looked like. I showed them the picture. The police officer laughed at how thorough I was and we went on our way.   Person who go their wallet stolen from them, I hope you get it back!!"	cc
"Took a drive to the bay and did some painting. I had one of those moments where I really felt *present* and whole today so I let it out by going scenic painting for the first time since my early teens. Only a few hours, between 6-10 pm, painted [these two](https://imgur.com/gallery/GW0qj) and gave them away. If those people happen to see this post somehow then Hello! I’m not sure how to really put it in words but today was just a great day."	cc
"Fuck everything I’m barely hold on at this point. I was at an AA meeting and after the meeting I literally watched my sponsor get asked on a date by a woman at the meeting. I’m kinda pissed but I’m not even sure I would go out with this woman anyway. Why can’t that happen to me just fucking once. That’s all I ask a chance to have a date with a woman I like. But no life says you don’t have a job so fuck you.  What the hell did I do to deserve this?  Makes me want to just tie a rope and end it already. I am so tired and no one really gives a fuck. My family just doesn’t care. And they have said they want to help me find a girlfriend but do they. No cause they just said it to placate me they don’t actually care fuck them, fuck life and fuck being sober for almost 3 fucking years getting nowhere. I don’t want to drink but I don’t want to live either. Fuck this shit I’m out"	sw
"I'm really tired So, when I was a teen I struggled a lot in life. One day, I sent some dick pics to a guy I met in internet. Separately, I sent a pic of my face with my username written in paper. I was 15 at that time and the person I was sending them was also 15 (he sent me the same pics of himself). Then I asked him if he deleted my photos and he said that yeah and I was so worried of having done so that I got deeply depressed and attempted suicide. I thought that everybody will hate me, and I'll lose my job and my career will be ruined, etc. Throught years I tried to forget about it just for the sake of not suffering. But... was I right about everything that would happen to me if that came out? Was I right about attempting to kill myself?"	sw
would really apreciste someone is actually online please I feel like everyone is fucking disappeared am I the only one even alive in this reality is everyone just gone I'm so alone and hearing people talk is just background noise	sw
"I jist wanted to enjoy naptime Xpost     I'm on my throwaway. I just got a knock at the door and it's my complex handing me what I'm guessing is an eviction notice. Or intend to file or something. What the fuck ever it is, it says I haven't paid my rent this month. My mind goes ""uh, naw"" to ""I did right"" but no, I fucking did.      So I tell the lady no, I paid it on the second, I remember spending all weekend for the stupid balance to show up so I could pay it. I happen to still have the tab open when I checked to make sure it went through before the 4th when it becomes late because a couple months ago they tried pulling the shit saying I had a late fee balance (but not the rent because I paid it on the right day they just waited to process it). So I show her the tab where it has the date I checked 4/6 and shows my balance to be negative $3 and change, cuz I always make the payment a multiple of ten just cuz.      They say they'll call me.      So now I've checked and it didn't come out of my acct, no fucking clue why. But having thought I must've got my tax return I went and got new tires which I fucking NEEDED, driving on a donut and one with a fix a flat can. Just literally old fucking tires. I drive for work so I definitely needed a safe ride.       So now I decide to check on my tax return and it fucking says it's been taken to pay off a govt balance. I know exactly what the fuck it is. My goddamn military star card because I just got out of the army reserves two fucking weeks ago. So now what I was *going* to use to pay my late car payments and suddenly needed to pay rent to not be evicted is actually NEVER coming to me.       And here's where I want to give up. I just went through all this same shit not 8 fucking months ago. And then I got moved (not evicted, just they let me leave basically) to here, and working non-stop to catch up and my ex fucking sues me for custody etc. (Which btw he claimed her for last year despite her mostly being with me because I worked way too few hours last year).        I just can't help feeling like my daughter would be so much better off without me. Because I can't fucking do this shit anymore. Right when I get a handle, fucking 15 things come trying to fuck me in the ass. I don't really see any point for me being here. It's usually her that makes me want to stick around but if I'm fucking homeless I won't be able to have her. And if I ever we're to get myself back together he'd just use that in court to take custody. (He's trying to say I'm unfit because I had PTSD) I just wanted to take a nap while she is but instead I'm bawling and just considering my options here and I don't really have any good ones."	sw
"What's the best dream you ever had? I just dreamt I'm Green Lantern Jwu from a dream where I was Green Lantern. Everything happened fast, I only saw glimpses and yet I understood the entire story.   I popped from nowhere into DC universe. The Ring zoomed into my view. It called me by my name, but it wasn't my actual name! Think it was ""Bryce""? My surname was different, too - American.  So anyway, The Ring told me I have the ability to overcome great fear and I've been chosen. Next, with my comic book knowledge, I used The Ring. I constructed a shield barrier for starters.   Next thing I know I'm fighting robots (very similar to the robots seen in the first episode of Justice League Unlimited Season 1) while still pretty new to making constructs with The Ring. Pierced all of them with giant darts.  There were more battles, and in one fight I was getting my ass handed to me. To renew my strength, I recited the Green Lantern oath. I messed up the last line though. So I had to repeat from the top. I don't know what happened next.  Then, Hal Jordan and John Stewart arrived! Hal said, ""Who the hell is this guy?"" John said, ""He's a Green Lantern Corps? He's too young! He's not from around here!""   Hal was all hostile, kept asking who the hell I was. Told them I don't fucking know, that I'm not from around here, and I don't know why the Ring chose me.  Next thing I know the three of us traveled back in time. If you knew about the Demon Knights DC comics, well we traveled at that time. I binged Demon Knights before I fell asleep last night, so that must be why lmao.  Idk why, but we were looking for Xanadu. The entire time I was like, ""That name's familiar. But, for some reason I know she can help me!"" Then, more battles and shit.   Then, we were in a ruined tower. I remember asking The Ring to scan for heat signatures, for any signs of life. Then, we were ambushed.  Then, we found this Xanadu, a mage chick.   Then, I remember flying in space, Earth in my view. There was this kid, another Green Lantern, who was surprised to see more than one Green Lantern. I ELI5'd Green Lantern to him and Hal helped me explain. For some reason I knew that this kid would take over my position cuz I'm leaving their world. Then, everything went black. I wanted the Ring. I wanted to keep it. But, I lost consciousness.  Then it ended there. I woke up.  Fucking weird. Fucking surreal. Fucking vivid.  Hit me with your best dreams, y'all."	cc
"Trying to figure out how to face another day So I've been trying to convince myself I'm OK but I can't keep up the charade any longer.  I've been living a ""good, respectable, responsible"" life for about a year now, but I don't know how to do it any more.  The problems in my life are so complicated and confusing regarding legal and family mess that I won't begin to try to explain my current situation.  Just know that it's killing me inside, and I've been trying my hardest to figure out solutions, and I just don't think there are any.  I've seen a ton of different p-docs and therapists, been on just about every combo of meds you can think of, and even been in inpatient care 7 times over the course of my life.  I finally just had to stop taking any meds, because they weren't helping.  Toward the end of my time on meds, the combo I was on was sedating me so badly that I kept falling asleep during the day and had no motivation, and my family berated me over how worthless and lazy and selfish I was.  Then, my doc changed my meds and I suddenly started having homicidal thoughts.  I gave up and quit all the meds.  And p-docs and therapists kept using my same-sex attraction as a symptom of mental illness or as a sign of downright moral failure.  (Yeah, I'm a lesbian.)  One doctor mocked me, one told me I was on my way to Hell, one told me he was good at ""fixing"" people like me, one ""crisis case manager"" even prayed over me and insisted that I study the Bible.  For my own safety, I have to hide my sexual orientation from my family and most people I know.  I'm 40 years old and haven't even so much as kissed a woman in nearly 20 years.  My life has been a jumble of abuse, rape, suicide attempts, self-harm, a home invasion involving two dudes with a shotgun, hallucinations, panic attacks, a few life-threatening health crises (aside from the suicide attempts), and the list just keeps going.  I look back and realize that there are large chunks of my life that I can't remember.  I see photos that I'm in or that I took and can't recognize them. Lately, more and more, the people around me seem strange and alien.  My surroundings grow louder and more chaotic every day, and everything seems to move faster and faster, and it feels like it's all coming toward me.  I start to twitch sometimes because it physically hurts me and makes my mind kind of short-circuit when all the sounds and motion and lights get to be overwhelming, but I have to try to suppress it because years ago a p-doc supposedly told my mom that I do things like that on purpose to try to get attention and pity, so my family can get really disgusted with me if they see it.  I don't recognize my own face in the mirror, I don't recognize my own voice.  Nothing seems real anymore, and sometimes I even feel sort of like I'm coming out of my body.  No, it's not drugs ... I have smoked marijuana ONCE in the past 16 years, and I can't remember ever doing any actual bad drug.  (And before those 16 years, back when I was younger,  I think I only ever smoked week 3 times altogether.) When I try to remember things in the past, my chronology gets all out of order and there are discontinuities and things that seem impossible.  In life and reality, in general, there are so many contradictions and absurdities, it just feels like reality can't be ... real.  I just want to escape.  I don't really want to be dead, but I want to be somewhere that makes sense.  And maybe there just isn't such a place.  And being where I am now makes so little sense that I feel like there's this unspeakable and eternal scream of wordless horror inside my chest.  Like, all the assumptions that we make about how reality works, about how things supposedly have some sort of order and reason and logic, I feel like maybe all those assumptions are just wrong and i feel like ""Reality"" could just BREAK any minute and then where the hell would I end up?  Maybe it's slowly breaking already.  Really, I think it might help to just have some quiet alone time for a while, get some rest, but I can't miss work, and even when I'm not at work, I'm dealing with my insane family,  and my home is so effing loud, and at work it's utterly insane because my company is falling apart and I'm expected to do the work of several people while still also being super peppy and convincing all our customers to buy a ton of stuff they don't want, and my boss is a terrible person who makes her employees miserable and I'm just so so so so tired.  EDIT/UPDATE:   It's a day later now.  Today, I had a great day.  Worked my ass off at work and accomplished a lot.  It made me feel a lot better.  I think I'll be OK, for now.  Thanks for reading."	sw
"Anyone ever take a new route on a run/walk and find something cool they’ve never noticed before? Yeah so not terribly interesting but I live like 10 minutes away from a farm and I never even knew it. I discovered it last summer on a run when I ran through a different route. Has alpacas, chickens, sheep etc. You know, you usual. Just thought it was kinda cool and wanted to share on here. Anyone else just suddenly find a cool route? I hope to find a hidden stream or something similar next :D "	cc
"Need an excuse for work to go to therapy I go to therapy for OCD on a weekly basis on company time (allowed under contract with a doctor's medical refferal). I don't want anyone at work to know. Boss and workmates know it's medical, and I know I don't owe them any explanations, but disappearing for a few hours every Wednesday without explanation is kinda giving it away. I thought maybe saying I'm going to physical therapy for a knee injury or something but that might be difficult to keep up considering we sometomes workout together.   Anyone have any ideas for casual weekly medical appointments?     Edit: I'm going to go with weekly insomnia treatment"	cc
I have about a week before I get my first tattoo and I want to make sure it’s the right thing. I’ve always held off because I don’t want to get a tattoo that I regret. But recently it came to me that there’s two things I will always stand for and I may as well get a tattoo based on them if I’m going to get one. I’m almost 30 and I’m pretty sure this is what I want to do. It’s a half sleeve so I know for sure what I’m getting the first session but I’m still undecided about what I want to add the second session so I’m still thinking on that part.   I’m the kind of person that tends to overthink things so I Obsess about one thing at a time and won’t stop thinking about it until I know I’m going to do it the right way. Basically I don’t like to screw up.  Also I’ve researched tattoos online and one thing that scares me is that apparently some tattoo ink can get absorbed into your lymph nodes. There’s no known side effect of this but so many people have one and I never hear of any issues regarding this. So I don’t know how to feel about that.  Most people would probably just say hey I want this tattoo and go get it but I can’t do that. I need to know this is the right thing and I don’t have anyone who will talk with me about this without thinking I’m a weirdo. 	cc
Im alone yesterday my mom was mad at me for spending 65 dolllars to go shopping when she gave me the money and all of my friends are calling me a feen for weed and were all talking shit about me. today ive been playing fortnite all day inside my house and now im starting to cry and my phone cracked which makes everything worse so i feel like i cant call anyone for help and im starting to lose my mind because i have a lot of things going wrong today and yesterday and i have no one left to talk too because my parents didnt even buy me food and i havent eaten anything ive just been playing fortnite solo.	sw
"The ultimate fuck-up I wrote all my suicide notes, addressed to certain people, and I finished writing my reasons, I then proceeded to rip the page out, and it ripped through the whole bloody note 😂. Just thought I'd share."	sw
"As a shorter dude (5’6”), Im happy to see all The Zuckerberg “booster seat” exposure... don’t hate! Couldn’t think of a sub on which I could put this out there... Sometimes chairs are low and desks are high.  We need to look presentable.  I’ve been in the habit of sitting on my legs and it is not ideal or appropriate in most situations.  An additional cushion is often necessary and welcome.  "	cc
Weekend plans changed The guy that I am talking to was supposed to have plans with his family today because they recently got back from vacation but had to reschedule so instead of seeing him tomorrow I get to see him tonight! We don't live close to each other so I have a slight drive ahead of me but I am excited nonetheless!  What plans do you have this weekend friends?? 	cc
I don't want to do this anymore The past six months I have been rejected more times than I can count. The one person I had to talk to about this stuff has given up on me. I see no reason to live like this anymore.	sw
"Help or something? Dunno honestly... Gf just broke up with me. It was actually a nice conversation believe it or not, just sucked balls. So she still has feelings for her ex of 4  years. She was honest and I can't fault her. But now I can't go upstairs even though I know she's waiting for emotional support, I can't. Usually this would be a trigger for depression and kill myself bullshit. Tonight it isn't. I'm scared cuz I feel like I can't feel. This has usually been a precursor to wanting to die. Just looking for words or advice or anything. Dunno how long the ""I can't feel"" stage this time before I implode.  Anyone got anything? Please?"	sw
"I've never considered it seriously until today. I've had an amazing life, I'm so fortunate it is really incredible. I've also gone through more hardship than most, not even counting the time when I was fighting overseas. I grew up in a wealthy family, until they lost everything. I've been going to college on my own dime, I've spent 10 years in and out of school just trying to make money and take classes. I was going to give up on school until I met my now girlfriend a little over a year ago. I finished my last project today to get my architecture degree, I presented and it went really great.  Here is the thing, She doesn't know it, but every decision I make is to be better for her. Being completely honest, I'm a really great boyfriend. I also am pretty certain she is going to break up with me tomorrow. Don't know why, apparently it has nothing to do with me. I just never realized she was this important to me that I don't want to be alive without her. I'm not going to tell her I'm thinking of killing myself, I wouldn't put her in that position. I have nobody I can talk to, I've lost any friend I was that close to. I'm not even sure I want to talk."	sw
"Don't really have anyone in my life to share the good news with, so here goes.. I GOT A JOB! For the first time in 2 years I am employed!  I was finishing my degree until just a few months ago, and for most of my time in school I wasn't able to find a job since I lived in an area that was oversaturated with unqualified students looking for hourly work at restaurants and such. Then these past SIX months I've been legitimately too sick to even consider working.. until literally just a few days ago!!  I've been going through very expensive and invasive tests these last few months and we're finally starting to figure out what's wrong with me, and I'm finally on medication that helps. For less than a week now I've been pain free and able to live my life like a normal healthy person, which is already so incredible for me since I'd forgotten what it felt like to feel capable and self reliant.  Just a few days ago I decided to go ahead and apply for a job at a nice restaurant up the street, but I wasn't getting my hopes up since I've gotten so used to being rejected from all the jobs I've applied to these past few years. But just yesterday I was interviewed and officially offered the job, and I start next week!  I haven't been this happy in such a long time that I don't even remember. I'd completely lost faith in myself and now I actually feel OPTIMISTIC for my future, maybe for the first time ever. Which is kind of scary and unfamiliar. I even baked a huge cake today! I'm just so happy to be employed that I start crying when I think about it :')  EDIT: WOW I was gone for Easter and just logged back in, and I am so amazed and grateful at how much positive support I'm getting!! Thank you all so much, I've been going through a tough time lately not having any friends and being sick all the time, and I feel a lot less alone now, as silly as that might sound. You guys are the best :)"	cc
"How do you manage to wake up in the morning when every night you hope to never wake up again. I've been wanting to start waking up earlier for a long time so i'd have time to do more things during the day like study more or even draw and get better at art but every night when i go to bed i hope i don't wake up the next morning.  All i end up doing is procrastinating most days because i feel like i am beyond redemption,i can barely even motivate myself to go running for 30 minutes outside,maybe because it's cold as hell right now but still.  I should be happy,i'm healthy i don't have any disease,i have an ok job and i'm trying to finish high school but i'm just tired of everything and want to sleep all the time."	sw
"Going to be honest I always hesitate and say shit that had nothing to do with how I really feel, so I am going to be straightforward and say that I want to kill myself so badly, and I am starting to lose my shit. I'm sorry I don't mean to sound like an ass if I do, I'm just overwhelmed. I am supposed to go on vacation with my parents a week from Friday, and they are so excited about it. But I'm worried that I won't make it and I'll end up killing myself. A huge part of me wants to actually live, but I'm losing my control. I'll either be dead or in a psych ward soon depending on if I say anything or not. I need some help on what I should do. Because this vacation thing is making me anxious, like I'm going to ruin it for them no matter what the outcome of this is. Any help would be greatly appreciated"	sw
"Going to get really drunk tonight and end it My life is filled with endless hoops I have to jump through. Im on probation and because I have mental health problems (Depression, PTSD, Generalized Anxiety, Cluster B Personality Disorder) I have to see another probation officer every other week, on top of therapy I have to go to every day which I can never make it to because of doctors appointments, meetings with my PO's, job interviews and whatnot. Im constantly reminded by these PO's aka shittiest people in the world to make my appointments even though all of this conflicts with each other and im threatened that if I dont make it work and do what I'm told I'll be sent to jail. Like, hooray, that'll make someone with anxiety feel better, right? Im sick of being made out to be a bad person and its coming to the point where I'm starting to believe everyone. I dont have anything serious or violent on my record, just misdemeanors but this is all becoming too much. I feel like all I am doing is living for probation. My family doesn't help, they make me seem as if I'm a burden for having to go to take me to doctors appointments or something. Theyre just all negative people that choose to see the worst in everything and its coming to the point where it's starting to wear off on me. I really can't take this anymore and refuse to live like this, I just don't see a way out and have little to no direction. Im just gonna make tonight the night I end it. Im sorry for sounding scatter brain...my life is just a mess and needs to end."	sw
"idek what I want but this isn't it I wrote this earlier.....   For some reason I just cannot get past leaving LA.  I try and think of ways to make it less destructive to my life.  Its not like I was doing big things but when I think about where I am at now I can’t think its not good enough.  That I gave up on a dream for this, for this!  I hate my life, I was this close to leaving so many times.  I so wish I kept my month to month place because right now where I am in my head I just want to throw away all meaningless possessions, pack up my car and leave town for an unknown time period.  I’m so fucking unhappy its like what is keeping me from just doing that.  I feel like suicide is the only answer, every time I think about pulling the trigger and leaving this shit of a life I confide in the wrong people.  My family are the wrong people.  They seem to want what’s best for me and not what will make me happy.  I’m so fucking alone right now.  Nothing makes me more miserable than existing in this shit of a life.  I just want the pain to be over.  I just feel like I have screwed myself over time and again and have nothing to show for it.  I’m so incredibly sad and feel so worthless.  "	sw
Please help! I'm getting a turn in my stomach from a reddit user making disturbing comments and would like to report it to someone who can report it to the proper peopkey 	sw
"In pain help So I've been in physical and mental pain for a bit and in staring at my pain killers thinking I could just end it , i know it cowardly but god i need the pain to stop just wondering if any tips to help me through the night so i can maybe get some help"	sw
Do you feel like fanbases ruin shows or turn you off? While I don't think associating a fan base to the quality of a show makes sense... I do find that at times a fanbase can annoy me to the point where I start ignoring the show or judge differently. A perfect example would be the Rick and Morty Fandom  Anyone else like this?	cc
"I woke up from my ""overdose"" Maybe i'll just add more alcohol next time"	sw
I’ve prayed nearly every night for death for a few months now.. I can’t take my life. Would tear up my family but I’m tired of being here. I’ve been praying to GET cancer which I already know is shitty as it ruins a lot of people’s lives.. but please... don’t make me hurt myself.  I just wish I could give someone my life span in exchange for someone dying.  I’m actually extremely healthy - scary healthy for someone who feels so shitty and it’s a curse for me. 	sw
"Deciding which day is more appropriate My little brother has a weekly schedule to where he leaves for his dads for the week, then comes back to his moms (here). I’m going to kill myself in the bathroom but I don’t know if I want him to be here to see that, he’s here now & leaves next Wednesday. I’m ready to go now but I don’t want him to be around that once I’m finished. I don’t know what to do"	sw
"I don’t hate my life, I just hate myself I don’t have a bad life (which makes me feel guilty for even posting this)- I’m in college, middle class, in good health besides severe anxiety. But I’m basically ruining my own life. I used to be a star student, overachiever. Now I do the bare minimum...all I can bring myself to do is watch YouTube videos and scroll through social media mindlessly because everything is so overwhelming. I’m about to graduate and I’ve done nothing. At the same time I have impossible expectations for myself and really want to succeed, but I don’t think I’ll ever be the outgoing, smart, attractive, successful person I want to be. I’m just disappointing everyone, especially myself.  I don’t have many friends and I feel so alone. My social anxiety makes it extremely difficult to even talk to people. I’m already seeing my 6th therapist and I’m on medication, nothing works. I just hate myself so much and I want to give up. Sometimes I wish I’d killed myself in high school like I had planned to. Because now I wish I could, but it feels like I’m in too deep and it would be a bigger inconvenience for everyone. If I could kill myself without it impacting my family I’d do it in a heartbeat. I don’t think I’m ever going to get better or become someone I’m not ashamed of."	sw
"I have nothing left. This post is my last attempt. My parents abused me, so I wanted to get away from them. They made me lie about being severely mentally ill (I had depression and anxiety, but they made me exaggerate it a lot and made me say things to the psychiatrist to appear extra sick) to get into a ""mental illness support home"". The other people living there made my life as hellish as my home situation. I was then moved to another mental illness support home out in the countryside, so now I can't go to school, all my friends drifted away from me until only my boyfriend was left- and he broke up with me today.  To elaborate,  I have no contact with my family since they abused me. I have to keep pretending I can't do things by myself so the home staff don't kick me out on the street. I don't have a school to go to. My computer broke, so I'm stuck in my room all day doing absolutely nothing. It has been this way for 1 year. The depression isn't getting better- I did the whole ""cut all sugar and wheat flour from diet eat all greens and exercise"" crap. I bought therapy books on dialectical behavior therapy. I did the mindfulness bullshit daily for half the year. It Doesn't fucking matter. The other people living here can't even hold a normal conversation, and I'm honestly afraid of them knowing the tantrums they keep throwing and how they tried to break into my room. I don't have any friends left. My boyfriend broke up with me.   The only thing that got me out of bed in the morning was daydreaming about how maybe I would be able to visit my boyfriend in a few months and hold him close to me and... Fuck, I don't know, do normal shit, go to coffee shops, watch TV or whatever couples do. Now I don't even have that anymore. There is no reason for me to wake up."	sw
I'm a pathetic pos how can i kill myself im such a stupid spoiled brat and i feel like i could go for it right now but im not sure how. I know pills can be dangerous but i have access to prozac seroquel and advil. roof is not too high and im too scared to jump off it anyway. what should i do and yes ill listen to stuff you guys have to say but id also appreciate info on how to do it c:	sw
"I just killed a huge spider, AMA The thing was the size of my palm, and t h i c c as fuck. I'm not usually freaked out by spiders, but god damn, the idea that there might be MORE of these fuckers in my house, in the room next to mine... no, thank you. "	cc
"I feel so worn out I asked another guy out, and like normally I only got blocked.  Do you know what it’s like to be blocked on a dating app because of your face?All I want is a boyfriend, sometimes I think if I kill myself I’ll be born again only lovable. How do you guys deal with rejection, I feel like ending my life tonight, I can’t keep asking out guys and dealing with this. How do you deal with it?"	sw
"Nothing Left To Live For All my life I've done my best to excel in whatever I do: Eagle Scout, Vigil Honor, JROTC Unit Commander, scholarships up the butt, etc..... But the thing is, everytime I succeed, I feel empty. I do everything to impress my dad and when I thought I've done something for myself, it's been nothing but more emptiness... I find happiness when I'm with somebody, romantically, but the problem is that I've been unable to find anyone who is even willing to hang out let alone be in a relationship. The girls who DO hang out just use me to help out with their homework.. I've battled depression in the past and this is about how bad I felt when I got put on Suicide Watch my junior year of high school. I can't tell my dad how I'm feeling because I'm 22! What college kid feels like this at 22? Who feels lonely?  Am I bad guy for wanting companionship and not being able to find it... Anyways....I just don't see the point in trying at anything cuz there's always someone better, always someone more productive at the same things I do...I really just want to do the one thing that I know I can do better than anyone else: jump in front of a train.. "	sw
"It's my first Saturday night I've had free in several weeks and I have no idea what to do with myself. Do I stay home and play video games? Do I go to a friend's house? Do I finally go out to that bar I've been curious about since last year?   On the one hand I'm exhausted from working all week, on the other hand I'd like to go out and do something.   I'm torn. Anyone else feeling similar?"	cc
Back in the hole This time I'm actually considering killing myself noone likes me except for my family that I don't like back. I'm not sure what I'm supposed to do in life. I have little to no chance of becoming anything I hate myself over anyone else I don't have the balls to tell the girl like that I like her. I don't want to exist. I wish my parents didn't migrate here so they wouldn't have met each other. They might care for me but I don't. I'm just a big burden. I wish I had a gun. Shooting myself in the head would be so easy. I hate everything I say and do. I can't sleep at night. I hate this. What is the easiest and most painless way to die? I'd also like it to a guarantee. I can't do this anymore. Fuck fuck fuck. I hate this so much. Fuck. I just want to not exist.	sw
"I'm Just Tired Honestly. Honestly I'm just tired of living a meaningless life. I graduated college with a degree in a field I could give a shit about now, even have a job interview but dont want to go. My parents are no help. I talked to them about my Depression and it always ends up in some Conversation about how its a part of Gods plan and how everyone will miss me. Well if this is a part of Gods plan he can go screw himself and isn't a God worth worshiping in the first place and all they do is yell at me when I say I don't want to hear about God anyway. I could give a damn about my family they will be okay. I knew the Depression was really bad when my Grandpa passed away and I saw everyone crying and I just didn't even care and we were close. I'm hoping that this will help me not want to end it all tomorrow but if it doesn't I really hope there is no afterlife, I can't handle existing for eternity. "	sw
I would do anything to smile.. All I want to do is smile. Smile back at people that smile at me at work. Smile at pets walking by trying to get my attention. Smile at myself in the mirror. But I can't. I won't. I'm too ashamed of my crooked teeth. It is my own fault. I hate myself every waking day. I just want to be normal and smile like everybody else. People want to talk to me but I act like I don't care. Truth is I do. I'm just too ashamed. I was also overweight at one point. But I figured of I lost weight I would feel more confident. It didn't help at all. Made it worse. Yes I feel healthier. More confident  in a way but now more people want to talk to me and I hate it. I think I will kill my self someday. Maybe not now. But someday. The liquor helps. Thanks for ready	sw
"Things you don't care ANYTHING about and would usually never talk about (because you don't care). Things that shock you that anyone cares about them. For me, it's mostly popular stuff, like sports (minus sports entertainment), cars, fashion, music and pop culture. Ever have those things you don't care about so so so much that you essentially care too much about not caring? It's like you have animosity for something you swore you have no feelings about. Strange.  What do you totally not care about and might even be a little agitated about bringing it up because there is a chance it might come off that you care? "	cc
"There really is no reason for me to stay Think about it. I kill myself. Worst case scenario: hell, eternal punishment, all that jazz. Best case scenario, there is no longer a ""me"" that can contemplate the nothingness that comes after death. ""I"" would no longer exist. That sounds like a hell of a deal to me.   I'm only living right now because I know my parents would be devastated if I killed myself. That guilt is what keeps me alive. But what if, like I mentioned earlier, there is no ""me"" to experience that guilt? No ""me"" to see/be aware of my parent's anguish? Maybe I'm not making any sense right now."	sw
How to make someone say the word “mine” My friends and I are playing a game where if you get someone to say the word “mine” they have to do ten pushups no matter where they are or what they’re doing. I’m trying to think of a more creative way to get them to say it besides taking something of theirs and asking “whose is this” so they’ll say “that’s mine” Any thoughts? 	cc
"Just want to let it out before i go I’m 15 nearly 16. I’ve stolen 3-4 thousand dollars from my parents, and grandparents i’m worthless i know, i’m failing nearly every class. I’ve got no friends. My family knows i’m a theif. I texted a family member to get hold of another family member because i couldn’t reach them. I was concerned about that family member but the text i get back basically killed me inside. It said “what do you want from her”. I know they have the right to ask but it truly made me think this is what they think of me now. I guess i’m really meaning less. My parents said if they didn’t have me there lives would be so much less stressfull everyone would be happy. I had 1 thing holding me back from that i thought someone would show up and save me from this hole. I knew 1 person who liked me i think but its probally just in my head. Me knowing that i’ve not loved by my own parents why such an amazing person like me. A obese kid who has no friends and fails everyclass. So i’m deciding to end my life soon. sorry you had to read this i have no one who cares and i really just wanted to let it out. Ty :)..."	sw
"Would it be rude if I told an actor from Mr. Robot that I never even heard of him until... I saw him on another show (The Affair) but because of him I'm finally going to watch Mr. Robot now. (Btw, its the actor who plays Agent Santiago) I just dont want it to come across as a back handed compliment   "	cc
I have an acceptance exam in 2 days and I have never been more stressed out. How is your guys' weekend? So April fools day is my history exam. If I manage not to get a heart attack in the next 46 hours I might become a law student. How are you guys doing? Anything fun on the weekend?	cc
"Home from work today Hello folks, I'm home from work today, we do field tiling and its too wet to be out. I got a long day planned, but its all stuff i've put off for a few weeks, so its gonna suck. Keep me company during this trying time, will ya? "	cc
"How many of you Have had suicide attempts and can you tell me what you did, how long its been since then, and how it affected you and those around you?  For the past 9 years ( im in my mid 20s) ive just been hanging on, recently had a gf and thought finally things may pick up. A person who saw passed everything and loved me for what i am; weither i blew the whole thing and other 3rd party circumstances pushed that aside and i slip back to what i was before, empty.  I know shouldn't let a relationship be the thing that keeps me grounded but its the only thing i ever wanted / looked forward to.  Last night i just couldn't stop thinking about hanging, or OD'ing; i also havent been eating for the past 2 day so far, just cant seem to. "	sw
"Feeling deeply hopeless Don't know exactly how it has started, but the thing is that I feel completely angry and bored all the time, I have thought about suicide for several times, but I won't do that since I know a few people love me and still believe in me. I'm not being able to deal with job, college and relationships. I don't feel like doing anything in my life, I don't expect myself to getting a good job in the future, becoming rich or traveling around the world. It seems there isn't any driving force that makes me go on. Recently I started drinking a lot, I'm getting low grades on my University and I'm wasting a lot of money due to the alcohol addiction. I get drunk almost every night and I throw up all the mornings. I'm just feeling completely lost, don't know what to do about anything of my life."	sw
"Looking for someone to relate to. I'm alexis, and I haven't told anyone abut my depression. Well that's if it's actually depression. Anyways I just want someone to talk to. No one else would understand just comment something."	sw
"I'm tired of myself Hi dear SuicideWatch fellow users, Where to start? Hmm. Not easy. Maybe the fact that I am legally a grown man but I have to endure living with an infant's penis. Before you start saying ""size doesn't matter"" here's my measurements: fully erect 1 inch wide and maybe 4 inches of length. At his normal shape it's usually smaller than the ones of some kids, I'm not joking. It evens looks like I have only one testicle. It's only perceivable I have a pair at really, really, hot days. Inherently, my confidence is affected at so many levels I can say I'm extremely anxious because of it. I ""can't"" beg for help because I don't want to tell or show to someone the main origin of all my problems. I avoid having relations or interactions with ""unknown"" women as I feel immediately embarrassed and cause I know I'll live forever with an handicap, basically a female repellent. I'm studying, the university tuition is high as hell, I'm attempting this for the 2nd time, but, again, I feel I'm a waste of resources as the more I study the lower my grades are. Occasionally I'm so low-spirited I lay myself on bed and don't give a damn to following exams as I forecast I would presumably get a bad grade. It annoys me as I'm a perfectionist when I apply my time at something. It doesn't matter how hard I try, the simpler the tasks the bigger my failures are. It relates to my life wide-wise. Driving is one of the things that upsets me as well as I constantly get scratches or light hits. Judging distances and depth is a nightmare even though I don't have any problem within my eyes. I usually get anxious when parking at tight spots and sometimes I'm even ""pushed away"" of the driving steer by female friends. Another drop down to my confidence. Before getting myself into driving I already felt I lacked of manhood and being a loser as well in something males are usually good is painful. I had problems with alcohol and gambling because of being depressed due to the reasons above. Gambling affected my life hugely. Formerly, I had the impression my life was ""mortgaged"" as result of the previously stated events. Now it's like I'm really ""mortgaged"" for good. Another drawbacks: lack of perception during social interactions (misunderstanding of irony per example), being ingenuous and a short-sleeve. I end most of the days angry at myself, now and then I throw and break stuff, mostly electronics or common day things. It's been 2 years since I started considering suicide. I was clinically check during that time (purposely concealed the small penis drama) and took some pills. In my opinion they were a waste of money. I'm still alive basically for the reason that my parents are supportive as I'm their only son. Likewise I have a couple of friends I don't want to let down with my death. None of them know I have a kid's penis as I do my best to hide it. Sometimes I wish I had uncaring parents and zero friends as I would be sort of ""allowed"" to commit suicide and end this torment. Before I end, I know it's a little bit ""selfish"" putting an end to my life because of the problems I told. There are guys out there striving to dodge air strikes or hunger. You can add people with unchangeable health states like down syndrome to mention one. But at least people acknowledge their life sucks. In the other hand, I'm judged as someone with a good life, when I feel dreadfully disturbed. I'm judged as someone ""healthy"", and I almost don't have a penis. I'm posting because I know there are readers and upcoming posters that probably feel the way I do. Basically, tolerating life and not enjoying it. Having suicide in mind, yet with a deep consciousness of life and the implications of it. Good luck y'all. "	sw
"Out in the cold School, work, relationships... I've broken everything in the span of a few days. My soul is shattered. Only thing left is to grab a razor and let my hands do their work. I'll wait in my car overnight and see what happens, so I don't bleed on the carpets.   Maybe I'll come out of this. Maybe I'll move past this. But I hope to hell I don't. "	sw
"Nothing makes me close a webpage faster than those little pop-up windows trying to act cool and bro-like about me using an ad-blocker. I have never even read what their rationale is. I mean I get it, you need ad revenue. But in this day and age of privacy concerns and also with the other options available I will not turn off my ad-blocker, sorry."	cc
I've come to the conclusion I need to kill myself I think I just need to kill myself. I'm going to buy some charcoal and just be done with everything. I've just lost all hope and I feel like I can't find a way out anymore. I keep trying to express to people how I feel but it seems to get nowhere. I don't know what to do anymore but I'll have actually made a decision for once in my life and I hope that will give me some peace.	sw
"I just keep fucking up I broke a promise to my boyfriend in a (obviously failed) suicide attempt. He called me and I answered and he talked me out of it. But I’d already self-harmed and thus broken a promise I made to him. I’m certain he’s going to break up with me because I can’t be trusted. I wish I would’ve ignored the call and kept going, it would have saved so many people the misery of having to put up with me."	sw
"Is it normal to hate life this much? I thought I was okay. I really thought I was going to be okay. That’s what I keep telling people. I tried so hard to make sure I wasn’t a burden to anyone. That no one had to worry about me. But no matter what I do, people end up hating me. I don’t want to be here anymore. "	sw
"I'm ready do vanish I'm 20 but i wish i killed myself earlier. I always help everyone, do anything i can to make other people's lifes better but noone appreciates that. Only my parents care about me, I have no friends at all. People say that you should be a kind person but it's bullsh@t, the nicer I am, the worse people treat me. I am Christian and I believe Jesus was kind to everyone but nowadays only ''cold'' people can make friends, have gf or success in their lifes. It's time for me to go but the only problem is that I can't do it the way I want, because weapon access is not available in my country. I feel sorry for my parents, I love and respect them so much but I have to end this asap. I've quit my job yesterday and now I'm ready to end my life, I have to do it, there is jo place for people like me on this word, I'm just a parasite, a useless and worthless piece of crap. "	sw
"Finding it hard to not just give up entirely.. No job. Job hunting for over 6 months. Despite several interviews, it appears I am unemployable. No employer seems willing to take a chance on me. The well of money has dried completely. I have a family who are dependant on me. I am unable to provide.  I can see no way out of my current situation other than just ending it all. Every day is a struggle. Applying for jobs is a struggle. Existing is a struggle. I don't want to struggle any more....  I'm fucking done."	sw
"Introverts, do you think about this? I am an introvert and have social anxiety too but it is important for anyone to be able to communicate well and not be frightened to talk to fellow humans right? Sometimes I think the only way to achieve that is to be a Sociopath at some degree. I genuinely don't care about people and am ambitious so if I learn to be charismatic it can lead me to my goals. I wonder if other Introverts think about this. "	cc
Why can’t it all just end Ever since I started high school my parents have been telling me I won’t amount to anything if I don’t get a 4.00 and I’m getting kicked out the day my senior school year ends. I just want to die. I have a 3.1 right now and this semester will prob bring me to a 3.0. I wish I could just wish I could end it and die. The stress has gotten to me. I have tried everything to bring my grades up but I just can’t at this point  Goodbye reddit	sw
What if i told you life is really unfair and sucks... 	sw
"Home alone and suicidal I'm a 19 year old female, diagnosed with BPD.  I've had drinking and drug problems in the past, and for the past 2 weeks I've gone out drinking every weekend. All my friends are having a party tonight, but I decided to sit this one out because I don't want to feel pressured into drinking for a third week in a row (yay me I guess?)   It was my birthday recently, and for the second year in a row, my mother didn't so much as send me a text for my birthday. She claims I am a 'drug addict and an alcoholic' and refuses to have anything to do with me since I moved in with my dad over 5 years ago.   My family know I'm not doing so well, but I promised them I'd be okay while they went away overnight, coming back tomorrow.  Truth is, I'm really not okay. I didn't realise how loud the noise would get inside my head when I'm in an empty house.  They took the keys to the shed, thank fuck they did because all I can think of doing right now is finding some rope and ending this noise and pathetic excuse that is my life.   I'm scared and alone and sad. I couldn't kill myself on Easter, I wouldn't do that to my family, but fuck it's hard not to crave it right now "	sw
"tried to reach out today.. to the person who caused me all this grief, then nothing. just a simple hello and off they went about their day. maybe it's better left this way.not like they would care anyways"	sw
Creepypasta My boyfriend is into creepypasta and spooky stories.I have the app and read occasionally he’s gotten more into it and read a story “new girls”.He really liked it and recommend it to me.I just finished reading it earlier and was very happy I read it.Its a great read for anyone into creepypasta.	cc
"Did you ever grow out of your stinginess? Currently, I find spending money really hard. I hate the idea of spending money, so I rarely do. When I go out shopping with friends, I usually always buy a few things unless it’s from a thrift store. Even when I go out, I the price of the meal I’m getting always matters. Even when I’m paying or when I’m not paying. I hate spending other people’s money, too. I’ve even opted out of school extra curricular because I didn’t want to spend the money. Things can cost as little as $10 and it’ll take a lot of convincing for me to buy it.   I’ve thought about this a lot recently, and I made the realization that when I’m older and living on my own, I still can’t be not spending money. It’s not that I don’t have any money, it’s just that I hate spending it because it makes me feel bad.   Were you stingy when you were younger and grew out of it? Have you become more stingy as you’ve gotten older? What’s been your situation on spending money? "	cc
"My Friend is Part of My Night Time Routine My friend and I (f) call each other every night before bed (98.7% of the time). We will talk until one or both of us fall asleep. He normally falls asleep before me. When he gets sleepy, I tell him to go to sleep. At this point, we normally have a verbal tennis match rally; going back and forth like we're battling for the title at Wimbledon. In some cases we agree to a compromise such as, I will read to him or make up a story. He likes listening to me talk (I have no idea why, I sound like a stale French baguette - crusty!). He normally falls asleep to me breathing or chatting away, but before doing this protests that he's not sleepy and that I should keep assaulting his ear drums with my strange conversations.    There was a time where I was unable to talk to him for a number of nights, when we finally talked again he commented on how it felt weird sleeping without me. He also added that he likes when I fall asleep on the phone to him but especially when we fall asleep together and wake up and continue talking. (I have unlimited minutes, otherwise these long conversations would not take place. I'm a broke student nurse.)   Calling each night is mandatory, after showering and brushing my teeth it's on the phone to my friend. I have to admit that after doing this for so long, I find it hard to sleep without talking to him. Strange right?!   Is it weird that we do this? Or is it more common than I'm aware of?   Also, I do apologise for my bad grammar and digressions during this post. "	cc
"I live in South Africa South Africa contains   The oldest and youngest language   The biggest land mammal in existence   It's the only country to volunteer to disassemble its nuclear program   Home of the black/green mamba(fastest, longest and one of the most deadly snakes)  3 of South Africa's cities are in the top 30 most dangerous in the worlds  Cape Town, South Africa will be the first major city to run dry from water shortage  And it's my favorite place in the world  "	cc
"Would someone commit suicide if they’ve planned for the future? I’m asking because of my best friend. I suspect that he’s suicidal, he’s been joking about suicide, he’s losing modivation to do school (he loves school), he’s swearing a lot (he believed swearing was wrong just a few months ago), and he’s dreading church (he loved church). He’s just not himself, and looking into his eyes he looks tortured. He even said that his mom would be mad if he killed himself. I wanted to say that I’d be devastated but I was too shocked to say anything. I’m getting really worried because he hasn’t been on Snapchat or Facebook in days. I texted him and he hasn’t replied, and not being on his phone at all is very unlike him. He plans to go college next year because he wants to be a veterinarian, and he’s been working very hard to keep up his perfect 4.0 gpa. I’m planning on calling him tomorrow to see if he’s alright, since it’s 2 in the morning. I just wish I called him tonight like I planned, I’m so scared I can’t sleep. I’m especially worried because his parents are emotionally abusive. He is Christian so maybe it’s against his religion to commit suicide, but idk if that would be enough to stop him. I don’t know if I’m just getting really worked up over nothing or if something really is wrong. I just have a gut feeling that he’s not alright.   UPDATE: he’s alright. I couldn’t call him because he wasn’t answering. I asked his other best friend and said “he’s been phone free this weekend”, so I worried about his absence for no reason haha. Thankfully, and to my relief, he’s still alive. I’m going to ask his asap if he’s alright. Thank you everyone for you answers <3 I’ll let you guys know if anything new comes up."	sw
"Why should I be forced to live without any money? I don't have a job, every job I qualify for is shit, I don't enjoy anything. Fuck my family, I don't give a fuck about how they'll react when I commit suicide, my 'friends' can deal with it too. What possible reason do I have to keep on living? Fuck working, fuck studying, fuck whoever your god is,  fuck living. Can anyone give me a legitimate reason to go on?! Fuck working to live, fuck pretending to care about family."	sw
"I was starting to become Tweek from South Park. I realized I was drinking 3-4 cups of tea a day with sugar on top of fountain drinks at school and per the past month my right eye and left arm wouldn’t stop jittering every few minutes. It got so annoying that I cut out almost sugar and caffeine from my diet. It’s been a week since that and I feel so much better without so much added sugar and not a grumpy person I’ve noticed.  I dont know, just wanted to say it, made me feel great to see a change in my lifestyle for the good"	cc
"I'm just done. 17M, had depression since age 6, funny how fast 11 years goes by when you can't focus on the long term. Tried overdosing on prednisolone ~6 months ago and got put into the mental health inpatient system for just under 2 months. Since then I just can't focus on anything else, I just want to die, and I've stopped being quiet about it. Nothing can get me out of this mindset anymore, I'm just done. I feel ready, and every day feels as if I'm nearing the end of my third act, that I'm nearing my end. "	sw
update: got taken to a crisis center best friend saw my reddit posts. called my sister. she called the police. im now being “willingly” admitted into a mental health crisis hospital.   thank you everyone for your messages. i really was about to fuck up everything. my best friend cared enough to get me some real help immediately. i’ll keep you updated. please pray for me. 	sw
"I want to write a book before I do the deed. I am going to kill myself, but before I do, I want to write down everything everyone's ever meant to me and all the memories we shared. Best friends, ex girlfriends, family, pets, etc. I want to do this, not for pity or sincerity, but because I do love them and want them to know after I'm gone. The reasons why I am doing this, will be in the book. Whether it gets published or not, doubt it will, I will share my memories on here. Of course, I will be changing the names of the ones I love when I post here. I just thought I would let you guys know, the next time you see me post on this page, I will be gone. Thank you for reading this. "	sw
"Hey, CasualConversation, what are some of your favorite hobbies, activities, fun things to do? I wanna know! Hey, y’all. I am writing this post because I am trying to drastically reduce my weed smoking and I want to pick up some new hobbies that can help me make friends, feel productive, make me extra money, or simply enrich my life. I want to incorporate my boyfriend into this so we can both start saving more money and find other ways to enjoy ourselves.   If it helps, I like doing art of most kinds, baking, drawing, am currently learning Java, love math, and live on a college campus (with tons of things to do, so maybe I should get up and go enjoy them lol).  I’m super excited to hear about your hobbies!"	cc
"There's no light for hope What do I say? My life is the worst? It's not. I'm a mid 30s male and there's so much in this world to experience. At least that's what people tell me. I grew up in a very small town (less than 1000) where both my parents grew up as well. I was active in church, I played in pep band, and was the resident geek as I somehow had a brain to grasp computers. After high school I tried college for the next 7 years. In and out to the point I finally got an associates degree. Big whoop. Doesn't do anything for me and haven't had a job in the tech field for over 8 years.  Eventually I was requainted with a girl from our hometown at some mutual friends' wedding. 3 years later we married. That was over 4 years ago. I struggled with alcoholism until about 10 months ago when I just realized I didn't want that for our future life together and simply stopped. It was great! It finally seemed life was going to be what we wanted it to be...  Her brother had gotten me a great job with lots of room for advancement. I was well liked and stood out among the workforce. I was well on my way to moving up. We lived in a big house with a couple roommates. Both we had known for a long time and we all got along great. The last I remember speaking about our future was mid to end of November. How we were going to work on having children this coming year, find a place of our own, and even buy a 2nd car. 2018 was looking to be a wonderful year. Then came the week before Christmas.  The Sunday before Christmas, while she rode the bus to work, she text me saying didn't want to be married anymore. The next few months cut my very core out. She started staying with a trans male coworker (intimately as well), got on dating sites, and even tried to fuck a coworker in the basement below our bedroom one night before I told him he needed to leave.  Emotionally distraught, my performance at work began to suffer. The owners, supervisors, and coworkers alike all tried to help the best they could, but in the end, as gracious as they were, I had to be let go. The lease was soon up on the house and everyone had moved out. The roommates helped me the best they could, but I soon had to move in with a cousin a couple hrs away.  In the weeks that followed, a severe, dibilitating pain I had experienced once before came back and hasn't gone away for weeks. I've had multiple tests and am waiting on the results of the last round. And just the other day I was informed my wife had taken me off her insurance. So, here I sit: pain that barely let's me get about most days, completely broke, and no source of income. My wife is having a blast living the single life while I sit here being a burden on the people around me.  Why go on? I'm already in my 30s with no love interest. I'm already a few years older than my dad was when I was born. I seriously doubt children are in my future now. I'm not drinking anymore. Why is all this happening? Just when I thought life was beginning to take off, it completely and utterly came crashing down around me. This would all make sense if I was still actively drinking and being a shit head.  My world view is so bitter now. I was that overly optimistic guy you know who can for some weird reason always see the bright side of any situation. Not anymore. I see married couples and just think how long till you guys quit each other? Jr/Sr high students all looking at a bright future I just want to grab and say what are you so happy for? Life is shitty no matter what you do! I don't even have the strength to be selfish with my things and have simply been giving away whatever I can. Not even selling them. Just giving away precious things. Heirlooms I wanted to give my children someday. If it weren't for the instinctual motivation that being ""hangry"" gives us, I would simply stop eating. I just want to be done. My dreams have died turning my heart cold and my outlook on life bleak.  So that's my life now: waiting for the end of this cold tunnel with no light for hope.  P.S. She never did give me a reason why she didn't want to be married anymore. "	sw
"Done Before I say this, is this the right subreddit?    I feel as if I am too young to die yet the pain I feel is like a burning knife through my chest. I am 14 years old and have a great life on the outside, I have friends live a middle class life and I can afford therapy. However through all of this I'm still depressed for no reason. I know the ""hormone"" bullshit but I know that doesn't take it to the measures I'm put through. I stay awake at night praying to Whatever god there is that I'd die painlessly and drift away. I don't know what causes this- I am becoming anti social and suicidal. Somedays I feel like putting the noose around my neck and Letting go. It is probably what I will do if this hell doesn't stop. "	sw
"I made a bookmark in my memory as a child to reflect on as an adult I remember being a young child, about 7 or 8, standing on my assigned crossing duty corner one morning before school bored as hell and spacing off. I was pondering myself and what I was going to be when I was older. I’ve never really had any dreams or ambitions in particular, so I imagined myself in different adulty roles. I came to the conclusion I had no idea what I would look like or be when I was older, so I decided to remember everything about that moment in its entirety so I could look back and reflect on it once I finally had my answer.  I’m glad I did that for myself. "	cc
"Guys I just got into a high school! Celebrate with me! Yesterday we got the news that I got into my top choice of high schools. It was a long shot and I doubted I would have gotten in originally, but somehow I did! It's listed as one of the best schools in the country, and probably the best in my city. I am just amazed I am even good enough to actually go there! I'm really in a state of disbelief and wanted some folks to share it with!"	cc
Literal casual conversation Hey you! How your day going? Doing much tonight? WhAts your favourite film? What's your dog called? Where would you love to live? What's your opinion on 16th century French foreign policy? How much does a polar bear weigh? Can a match box? Can a tin can? What's the best flag? What's the silliest shaped country? How many wasps can fit in a Mini Cooper? Are baby elephants cuter than penguins?	cc
"[27M] Anyone else have a child? I have a son who's not even 2 years old.... I am bipolar and have gone through depression this bad before, but that was years ago before I had a child.  I thought I was immune to this low of depression due to my responsibility as a dad... i was wrong.  Can anyone here relate to having suicidal thoughts as a parent?  I know his mother and grandparents would take good care of him, but how could I even think about offing myself?  Little dude needs his dad... who's gonna talk to him about sex and porn and shit when he gets older?  I've gotta be there for him especially incase he inherits my bipolar, I owe it to him... I hate myself for even having these thoughts...just wondering if there were other parents on here going through the same thing"	sw
"No friends. No family, No love game, Just a bit longer and im gone :)"	sw
"College has me so stressed, I feel like I’m running out of time Lately I’ve been faced with actually having to think about what I’m going to do once I graduate high school— which is coming up quicker than expected. My parents are very hands off in my predicament, and while I appreciate them letting me deal on my own, it gets overwhelming and I feel like I have nobody to talk to. Does anyone have advice for college decisions, or advice on college in general? PM’s are welcome if you’d like to do that, too. Thanks, guys."	cc
Wanting to end my life Well me in my girlfriend I’m 20 she’s 15 we had made love and she got pregnant and then she told her grandparents and they reported It and like I’ve been going to the classes the court wanted me to take all this nonsense and me and her want to get married and be a happy family but the court won’t let us have contact and we have our son on the way here soon and we’re both so depressed and suicidal and I just don’t know what to do I have probation for 3 years and then the contact order finally is taken away so we can see each other when she is 18 unless she gets emancipated and gets it taken away before then. But I just don’t want to live without her I have health issues and I could prettt much die any day. And I just want to be with her and raise our son together but I don’t think I can make it 3 years being away from her and I just want to end my life... I have family and stuff around me but I have nothing unless I have her and I just don’t know what to do... I’m just so depressed and heartbroken and just wanna end my life. She and my son are all I live for I have nothing else to live for and I just don’t get any of this. Please help 	sw
"Turned in My Senior Thesis! Onwards to graduation! I’m just really happy and proud. My thesis got submitted to my readers Thursday morning. I’m still waiting to hear back about when the defense will be scheduled, but it’s finally out of my hands.   Now I can graduate with by BA in English. For anyone interested, my this is titled: Tales from the Dark Side: An Introduction to the aonline Fanfiction Community and a Case Study in /Tangled Desties/. It includes 4 chapters: my experience and an academic definition of Fanfiction as well as a consideration of the mostly female authorship/readership. The second half is a literary and rhetorical analysis of Keira Marcos’s Star Trek Fanfiction. "	cc
"Things really really suck I went back to school today after spring break. I couldn't handle it. I came because I was excited about learning, about being challenged, but the people and my reactions to them make me not want to go back tomorrow. They're not even negative. I don't get bullied. I just feel unloved, unwanted, less than a person. The couples kill me. I can't have that. I'm in a deep pit of despair at the moment. I don't want to live anymore. "	sw
"Tell me your personal stories of experiencing the paranormal? 13 years ago, my grandfather died and a ton of weirdness occurred that lasted years. He built the house my parents live in (and I grew up in). I’m so intrigued by what others have experienced if if these occurrences relate to a specific event like in my case, or happen more at random."	cc
"What job skills are the easiest to gain? This is on an international level so im looking for jobs on a skills shortage list. But i am a 20m  and my number 1 priority is leaving the United States (no offense fellow Americans). So this is my situation: •I live with my parents and pay rent (they don't need the money by any means, just something they have me do)  •I have until this june to be out on my own and fully supporting myself or i get kicked out •i want to do school but i won't be able to make payments on school and support myself so any skill that requires an education is out of the question. I have awful credit because i struggled paying off a galaxy s8 when i graduated high school and i can't get a cosigner on a loan  So what would you guys recommend. I haven't fully lost hope, i just need to find a way to get to where i need to be. I've never left the country before and if it helps with your answers, the countries i am interested in are New Zealand, Germany, Canada, Estonia, Netherlands, and Switzerland. I've done research on each country and its cultures but was hoping to speak to people who have moved to another country before. I'll also accept country recommendations(: i am EXTREMELY thankful for you guys "	cc
"I need help. I need someone to talk to. I have no one anymore, no family, friends, nothing.. and I'm panicking. I don't know what to do. There is no reason for me to live anymore."	sw
"I don't want to die but I just want to dissappear. I feel like a loser, I'm 16 and I think way too much to get to the point I feel like a loser because I'm really introverted and can't talk to people very easily, meaning it's hard to meet people and to try and get into a relationship. This all stemmed back from several years of being bullied horrendously even horribly injuring myself to try and end. This has lead me to be not very socially intelligent. It's just while having no friends back then and everyone going to party's, having friends, losing their virginity etc. I feel like I've missed out on everything. The point is I'm at my wits end (I have friends yeah) but I feel like none of them care about me and I'm being left out, I'm contemplating to commit suicide theirs a large bridge relatively where I live and I'm thinking about whether to go to it or not I need help yeah I'm seeing counselling but at least I hopefully think someone will listen. "	sw
"The Knocking Keeps Getting Louder The torment is unreal. Everything I see gets bluer and blander and the people start to disappear. Nobody wants to talk to me even when I text first. I sit and observe and become attached to people and then get let down because I make expectations for myself. Nobody tries to understand but rather pushes me away because I’m edgy because I enjoy metal but nobody listens when I say I like jazz or lo fi or rap. People see me as a serial number, a label, and don’t even bother to pick me up. I remember within a two week span 2 years ago I tried to kill myself twice and failed, obviously. I’ve been trying and trying and trying so damn hard to redeem myself for what I’m worth and every time I get somewhere I’m comfortable I’m knocked down again and again and again because nobody wants me there. I’m “Scary” or I’m “Quiet” or I’m “Edgy.” and nobody wants those things in me. My family has stopped caring about my schooling and I’ve been doing drugs for months now but they don’t care. Death keeps knocking on my door and it gets louder and louder every time. My end is soon, very soon but I don’t know how I should go about it. Save your “coward” bullshit for another brain dead sheep. I’m fucking over it. "	sw
"I can’t take it anymore. I don’t want to be alive anymore. It scares me a lot to be writing this to be honest. I’ve never felt so low in my entire life before, and I feel like it’ll just continue to be this way till the end. I’m in a community college taking courses my dumbass can barely comprehend. I’m gay..AND black in a predominantly racist state. I can barely look people in the eye when talking because of anxiety and low self esteem from having MAJOR skin issue that literally can’t be fixed. Everyone I talk to just thinks I’m weird I assume because minutes later I’m left on read or just straight up shunned. I can’t do it anymore. I have no place in this earth.   What’s the easiest/painless way one can kill them self? I’ve been planning for sometime now and it’s getting to that point of execution. "	sw
"What's your opinion of health? So really, I'm pulling blanks on an assignment given to me in school. We're supposed to ask four people we know, different ages, backgrounds, jobs etc what their opinion on health is. My problem is, I don't like people usually, so my friendcircle that I can ask is pretty much the same age, same backgrounds, same jobs and well, we all met during a mutual hobby so I would have wound up with four similar answers. So reddit to the rescue I figured! Considering people all over the world get together here I figured that I'd get answers from all over from all sorts of people, and a fun topic to talk about. Or we can talk about other things as well.  So yeah, it's for a Health Education class for a nurse Education, and again, what's your own personal idea of what health is? Eating certain foods? Excersizing? Something to do with work? Do you conciously make what you consider healthy decisions or do you have that gnawing feeling in the back when you do certain things that you really shouldn't? Maybe over exercsize, ignore injuries? Eat that mars bar when you really shouldn't? Do you consider your job to unhealthy for you or the opposite, bad chairs, dangerous outdoor jobs, or something maybe you're a gym trainer and find that you've got to little time for yourself on that department? Hell, ask me about what I think, gimme all the thoughts you've got!"	cc
"aaaaa i want to fucking die  i cant fucking take it anymore  my pills dont work anymore, i cant be fixed"	sw
"Well, I just got pulled over for the first time today. Let me set the scene:  I just got off work. I'm tired, but happy, because it was my last work day before I go on a trip out of the country to see my best bud. I'm singing along to my tunes and I accidentally completely just blow a stop light. No cars were coming or anything - completely clear non-busy road, so I didn't even think about it. The second it happened, I'm like ""oh, fuck..."", then pulled over for the cops before they even put their lights on.  I also have absolutely nothing on my record, the only ticket I've ever gotten was a parking ticket for like $16 once because I forgot to fill my meter at work.  Anyway, I'm scared shitless. Cops come over, both girls, and I'm a young guy just scared out of my mind. I roll my window down ""oh my gosh, I'm so sorry, I just got off work and wasn't even thinking."" ""Yeah, you completely blew that stop light, do you have your license, registration and proof of insurance?"" ""Yes, of course."" hand her my stuff, and then asked her if I could unbuckle to get my registration out of my passenger glove box lol.  They take it, ask for a good phone number, then back to their car where I assume they scan it? Hand it back and said that it's okay, it happens, and to just be more careful and be safe on my way home. So, no ticket! Yay! I assume being pulled over and no ticket means it does not go on my record...  Anyway, super thankful and I guess good karma exists."	cc
"I’ve been caffeine free for a week! For as long as I can remember I’ve been a regular caffeine user. Be it coffee, energy drinks, or sodas, I’ve always used them to wake up in the morning, and abused them to chase that wonderful buzz and mood elevation. The thing is, I’ve always known that I was addicted, and I’ve always wanted to quit. Anytime I’ve tried I’d either be successful in the short term and allow myself “just one cup” or the withdrawal would be so unbearable that I’d just “cut back”. At the end of the day, I’d always go back to drinking multiple cups of coffee or soda every day. Last week I was sick as a dog and decided that since I’m suffering anyway, I should just lump the withdrawal symptoms in and tough it out. So I did. I’m still in the process of getting back to normal, but already I am noticing benefits of being caffeine free. It feels really good and I wanted to share since this addiction isn’t one that is typically seen as such a struggle that it merits talking about in public. I am proud of myself! "	cc
"Can't stand it when people mention how much they make/how much they're going to make at a job Not sure about everyone else, but in the 10 years I've been working so far, one thing I've noticed between both my friends and coworkers (oftentimes both) is that when someone gets a new job, they mention how much they're either expected to get paid, or how much they *are* getting paid.  And every time this happens, I feel like shit.  I feel this way because I've been working the same job for 5 1/2 years now, an easy but soul-crushing retail job where I only just now reached making $11/hour gross pay (net pay is probably closer to $8/hour after taxes and benefits, if that).  It seems that every time someone I know lands a job, they mention the money they'll be making, and it's always quite a bit more than me.  I don't think this would bother me as much if I were at least able to get an interview with a company for a job I want, and I've been applying to at least one job per day this year, but I've come up completely empty; the only companies that approached me were companies I didn't even apply to (one of them I loathe and the other two I don't think I'd be a good fit anyway).  But here I am, 28, still living with my parents, working the same job that I'm sick of, trying to get out but not getting the chance, and being reminded fairly regularly of how little money I'm making.  I just feel like I'm living life all wrong and can't find a way to dig myself out and actually feel like I'm either getting ahead or taking charge of my own life.  Not sure what to do.  I guess I'm just frustrated."	cc
"Should I / Do I need to leave a suicide note I'm going to do it Soon, should I leave a note for my family or would it just hurt them more "	sw
I just wanna do it The title says it all I guess.	sw
"The smartest, most accomplished friends I have don't show up in any online searches or social media profiles. The more presence there is online, it's the opposite. I noticed it more this month for some reason. I'd go to look someone up on Google, mixed with, ""Linkedin"" or anything else, and the top dogs have no presence whatsoever.  I also understand doctors/lawyers/engineers etc. and whatnot will have a presence on Linkedin or whatever. I guess I'm talking about levels a bit above that. "	cc
"I have get this of my male boobies ehm... I mean chest.. *cought* Don’t anything stupid boys and girls, if you’re in Prague in Czech republic, hit me up.  If you’re not we can play some games or hit me up throw messages.  I don’t like myself either but i know that we’re never alone. There are always some people who wouldn’t be exactly happy with u gone.  Sorry i had to ger it of my mind, for some reason i feel bad when i see those amazing people type things about sucide.  Believe me, you’re VALUABLE!  Yes, YOU ON THE OTHERSIDE"	sw
"Does an interview at university mean it's a given you will get in, if you look smart and present yourself accordingly? "	cc
"I am tired of not truly challenging myself intellectually and will be attempting to learn ASL and Psych I am a Sophomore at Sam Houston State University in Texas and i am majoring in political science. Basically, I have been pretty lazy when it comes to my academics. I don't do a lot of the readings i get assigned unless i know i will be directly tested on them (and even then ill skip sometimes) and sometimes ill half ass HW if i have a good grade in the class.   I really want to learn sign language (ASL) but didn't want to take the classes for it because i was scared about how hard it would be (i have never taken a foreign language class) But recently i said fuck that! I have started learning the ASL alphabet and i have been practicing a couple phrases. Im not gonna let my fear of working hard stand in my way of learning something cool. Im gonna push my self intellectually for once in college!  I am a really attentive student in the class room. It's just homework that i hate. I am also picking up a 2nd minior because i need the credits to get my degree and because i am willing to work hard and take upper level classes instead of 6 easy intro classes.  Major political science- double minior in : Philosophy and im adding Psych. "	cc
"Moo can speak english and has a better short term memory than I do. So this literally just fucking happened and I have no one to tell it to in person or on the phone at the moment but I needed to tell the story before I overthink it.   About fifteen minutes ago, my roommate's cat is meowing at me because he hates it when we feed him regular hard cat food and that's all we had for him for the night. I jokingly told Moo the cat, as he's meowing at me in a very disrespectful tone, that I would go buy him his favorite wet food if he found me enough money to go buy beer as well. He stopped meowing, jumped on to my cluttered nightstand, knocked over a couple books and some papers, then jumped back onto my bed and kept yelling at me in catspeak. While telling him that he was an asshole, I gathered up my books and random papers and began to put them back in their properly disorganized place, but stopped and dropped it all back to the ground. On my nightstand, underneath all those months of clutter, was, I shit you fucking not, a twenty fucking dollar bill. Moo got his favorite cat food tonight."	cc
"I have to go off for a while Hey, I’ve made a few posts like this, but everyone who’ve I’ve messaged on Reddit, I have to take a break from Reddit, I will still check up on you, and message you every so often to ensure you’re all okay, I hate it, and I’m sorry you’re all suffering, but you’re all so so brave, please stay safe and know you’re loved, goodbye. "	sw
"Growing up isn’t what I expected it to be Anyone else remember being younger and wishing you could be a “grown up”. Wishing you could do everything adults could and all because everything they did just looked like a ton of fun. And then you grow up and learn that adult life isn’t as fun as what you thought it was.  (This is long, but there won’t be a tldr, sorry)  I remember being a kid, about 10. And I would play on a soccer team in my town that would travel around the state and play other teams. We would practice at our local high school’s soccer field every night. And some nights a high school soccer player would show up to say hi to the coach or to practice with us for fun. And my team would sometimes watch high school soccer games on the weekends. And back then high school seemed like it was a ton of fun and everyone looked a lot older and mature. It was cool if you were in high school. But now that I’m there and almost out of high school, I am realizing that I am what younger me wanted to be. I’m a high schooler. But it’s not as fun as I thought it would be. Sure there are a lot of times when it’s really fun, but as I was sitting here a minute ago trying to write a 2000 word essay, which 8 years ago I would’ve freaked out about, I realized that I’ve really grown up. But maybe adulthood won’t be what I’m expecting it to be right now."	cc
Received free gift in the post but So I'm not sure if this is the right place to put this but wasn't sure where it would fit in right.   So a few weeks ago I receive this parcel delivered  to my home. I open it and it's a lovely perfume set but I have zero memory of having done anything for this company. I don't recognise the name of the sender and there's no letters or explanation in it except a kinda bad quality A4 printed page that states the company name (brand new to me) and thanks me for doing a survey.   I  don't do surveys online and I most definitely don't give out my home address.  I've tried googling the company name and I get nothing.  Have no emails from or to them.   Could anyone help me with whay this could be cos I'm kinda freaked out now the more I think about how odd it is. 	cc
"Endless circle So I really feel like my life is just a circle which starts again every time I make a step forward in my life. I believe that I still have the same problems I used to have, starting with kindergarden.   It takes me too long to make any friends and open up to new people, and as soon as I do, that period of my life ends. Then I move on, start a new circle and struggle again, just like that.  This is my final year of high school (4th). It took me more than two years to start spending time with my classmates. I am happy right now, although they live too far away from me so I can't go out with them that often, but it's ok. The problem is the fact that most of them won't be in the same city as me as soon as we start university. My life starts over and I don't see this ever ending.  Thank you for your time :)  Could you rate my English please?"	cc
"Total isolation I've become increasingly isolated from the outside world. I don't want to talk to people anymore. I've tried multiple times to make friends. Every attempt left me more scarred than before. These ""friends"" I make end up using me or just cutting me off. Every single time I try and get close to someone it breaks me. No one really cares. One of these days I'm gonna end up hurting myself. I don't want to."	sw
"I want to die; But I don’t I really want to die. I really just want to take this razor blade beside me and just run it down my wrists and fade away. The pain won’t bother me, I’m already in enough;but I don’t... because it will ruin my tattoo if I were to survive, as stupid as that sounds... it will hurt people I hate. And I’m the person that feels bad about that. I’m a kind caring person that wants to make people happy. It’s time to make me happy for a change"	sw
"For the First Time in a Long Time, I Feel Motivated & Empowered! I've been really sick over the years with chronic pancreatitis. I've had feeding tubes and all sorts of weird medical things have been done to me or have occurred. As a result, I've fallen out of shape, I have no real schedule and bounce around with some freelance work here & there to pay the bills.  I have no schedule and usually feel drained of my energy.  Today, that changed. I was the most productive I've been in a long time and have made the solid decision to create a strict routine for myself and sticking to it.  My first goal is to wake up every day at the same time to help my insomnia.   After that, I plan to schedule a time to start working out even if it's just walking for 30minutes a day.   My other goal following that and/or in conjunction with that will be to schedule time for me to work on my website and passion projects so it's not all work all the time.  Anyway, What do you do to stay healthy/productive? What works for you and what doesn't? Do you have any suggestions or tips for me?  Edit: Just got news my grandfather passed away today. I am in complete shock."	cc
"I have a creative itch right now I’m a musician with a broken guitar and I like to write but I have writer’s block. I have an overwhelming desire to be creative and productive right now, but no outlet. Anyone relate? Any tips?"	cc
"I just tried to kill myself I stopped because, after five seconds of feeling floaty and feeling like my body was losing its strength, something inside me panicked and scrambled to untie the knot. I tried again after that but my brother came home because he forgot something and I had to untie myself again. Started bawling after he got his thing and left. I couldn't try again after that. I was too numb and frazzled to stand up for a while. Right now my throat kinda hurts in the way it would hurt after running a lot.  I read a lot of stories where the person trying to kill themselves realized that they didn't actually want to die and were just trying to call out for help. I don't feel that way at all. I still want to die. But now I'm scared to try again.  (Sorry if this was too explicit, I'm new to Reddit. Feel free to delete or tell me to delete this post if it is too explicit)"	sw
"Homemade Dust Cloth/Rag Does anybody know how to make a good homemade dust cloth/rag that works well? I need yo dust off my TV, well it's more like a small monitor, but it always gets dusty, and tissues simply don't cut it. Any advice?"	cc
"Have you ever custom ordered art? I was wanting to get some maybe.  I just thought it'd be cool as like a tattoo or a poster or something.  I'd make it myself, but I kinda suck a lot lol.  And on that note, do any of you have tattoos?  I thought it'd be cool to get one when I graduate, but I just don't want it to look weird on me and have that be pretty permanent.  So idk."	cc
"i am always scared I had a date and a plan turns out the plan was Terrible and won't work at all. like, pills. terrible death and something like 40:1 failure to success ratio. I have everything for the new plan (plan 1 + a plastic bag) did some research and its not too pleasant either. dying isn't supposed to be pleasant i guess but i wish it would just be like falling asleep. I would just shoot myself but I can't get a gun.  I don't want to find out what happens if I fuck it up. but I can't go on living like this and i really just want to sleep forever. I'm scare of failing and I'm scared of succeeding and of not doing anything and living and I'm scared to Get Help???? fuck   I'm sorry this doesn't make sense does it. First time trying to articulate anything like this. I don't even know whats wrong with me by all measures i should be alive and happy but i really want to be not forced to experience anything if i could just be unaware. I'm so sorry. It really is selfish but i'm not a good person and i don't care how anyone around me ends up feeling as long as I don't have to be there to deal with it. see? im shit. i know people will be sad and itll tear a massive hole in the lives of my close friends + family but it doesn't matter if i dont have to experience it. problem is, all these shit suicide methods i keep coming up with probably will make me experience it! maybe even with brain damage!   I'm around people and sometimes I'm so tense and terrified and i can't even choke a word out to my friends (who are genuinely good people. except for like one of them) and it's just so obvious that im tense and freaking out and every single noise and pair of eyes is just tearing chunks out of me and i'm terrified and I don't know why! its all normal really theres nothing out of place. gotta rehearse every single word i say and can't open my mouth without breaking a sweat. Sometimes i don't and just go with it and i say stupid stupid nonsensical things or sometimes just straight up lies and i dont know why and people just look at me and try to gloss over it.    I don't know. It feels like I'm ready to kill myself. I've been falling apart for 3 years or so, its gotten better at times but always downhill.  my life isnt going anywhere, i need to just end it. I have a plan and everything I need but I'm most scared of failing and dealing with repercussions.   Sorry. Long post. I don't know how to communicate these things. i read it over and its a very very long stupid nonsensical thing. I'm sorry."	sw
"I tried my best I tried to kill myself 3 years ago. Since then, I have seen countless psychiatrists, psychologists, and therapists. During those treatments, I have been demeaned, shamed, and ignored. I have tried many different medications. On those medications, I have felt overwhelming apathy, debilitating stomach pain, and increased suicidal ideation. I have tried diet, exercise, self-care, self-help books, acupuncture, marijuana, and everything in between. I still want to die. Every minute I still wish I would have been successful in my attempt three years ago. My mental health and my life have only gotten worse.   I'm exhausted and out of hope. I will never be free from this. Guilt over hurting the people I love is the only thing that has kept me here. I just hope that if I'm ever able to die from this, they will know that I tried my hardest not to. "	sw
"About to exit, thought i would share my life story w you. Im 23 years old and about to end it all very soon, just want your opinion on my life.  I was born in mexico in a desertic city, my parents were 24 when they came over here, they decided to reside in another crappy desert city: Phoenix, AZ FML right. My parents worked their assess off their whole life. They both had 2 full time jobs working pretty crappy jobs, i was baby sat by my aunt who already lived in Phoenix, they had kids who were much older (i was about 4 when most of them were 16ish) they were buttholes. My aunt took care of other random kids as well, my cousins would do weird messed up things to us like show us porn, disguise us as the opposite sex, force us to drink hot sauce, bring home a bunch of food and tell us we couldn't have any, tell us our parents died in a car crash and would never come back, etc. One of them was a cokehead and had random outbursts but we never got hurt physically from what i can remember. After several years i told my parents of this and decided to switch me to another school which was about 1 mile from my house. (At this point in my life I'm in 2nd grade). My parents were always paranoid being illegal and whatnot so being on the streets at this time back in 2002 in phoenix was risky. They sat me down and told me i would have to walk to school by myself in the mornings and when i returned home i would be alone for several hours. They for some reason made it weird and awkward to have friends, i remember asking my mom if i could sleep over at friends house (3rd grade i think) her reply was no bc what if their uncle rapes you at night, or the house burns down. I pretty much stopped asking her to even go over to a friends house. I would wake up go to school , come back and be alone for several hours sometimes up to about 6pm. this went on from like 3rd grade- 7th grade. I don't remember much just a lot of masturbating and watching tv and cartoons. The early sexuality was probably my cousins showing us porn that early of an age. The shitiness starts around 7th grade. It came out of nowhere, it was a feeling that i could not explain, i felt like no one around me was real and i was part of some project that ""controlled me"" (as i would describe it). I could not sleep at night as it was intense anxiety (later found out it was extreme panic attacks, but at 13 i didn't know this). That summer sucked i was paranoid of everyone around me, didn't feel like i was real. there was a a point where i literally thought i ""worked for the devil"" what this meant i don't know to this day. I felt like i was possessed. I felt the urge to say something negative about someone in my head otherwise my balls would itch. (figuritevly). I eventually found out this was something like OCD. Up to this in my story it is 2007 or somewhere around 13 years old or so. The panic attacks eventually started disappearing, but would come back recurrently, keep in mind i did tell my parents the but was brushed off as teenage stuff. I always found it extremely hard to make friends, even harder to keep them. It is now high school freshman year and don't understand crap around me, I'm a smart person but just didn't really understand people. I tried buying the ""cool clothes"" to fit in, even started acting like someone different, and i fucking hated it. At this point I'm still paranoid to hang out at a friends house bc of fear of parents answer (this was a lack of balls on my part). Sophomore year i was making progress panic attacks have been gone, getting taller about 6ft, getting a few girls...awesome life is great, ( i guess this is a really random part in the story to mention that 98% of my family lives in mexico, and us not being able to visit them, they would Sometimes come visit us...complain about how depressing phoenix was and then leave, and the only cousins we had were the buttonhole ones, and being illegal we couldn't leave the shithole phoenix arizona). Anyway back to sophomore yr. The year ended, still a virgin, its all good i thought 2 more years. (also good to mention my dad owned a landscaping business from like 2005-present day, and in the summers was forced to work with him from like 6am - 4pm in 113 degree plus weather with one lunch break. He wasn't dong it in an asshole way just a way of showing us ""discipline"" during these times i wondered what everyone else was doing making friends for a lifetime, smoking weed, making memories, going to movies, etc. Working in desert 6 days a week sucked ass. so those were my summers from like 6th grade to like 9th grade by being forced , and 12th grade - beyond by choice.) In the summer of 2011 or about to become a junior, my face and body explodes in acne. My face literally exploded (i have a pic of when i was in 11th grade and it literally surpasses the funny zone, and goes straight into ""wow may god help him"" stage lol) i tried everything from proactive to accutane, to antibiotics but my face just kept exploding, i shit you guys not i would go to sleep and wake up to feel about 4 new pimples everyday. Kept a face chart with the numbers of pimples i had (i wish they were cute little whiteheads, but they were hard medium cysts.) anyway the face chart had the number of pimples i had that week. I remember it was about 17 on my right cheek, 18 on my left, 4 on my nose, 4 on my forehead, and 3 on my chin at one point. i was depressed as fudge. nothing was working, i went back to school and was unrecognizable, all the girls that once talked to me looked at me in a ""poor guy"" type of way. I would hide in the bathroom stall at lunch everyday. Keep in mind my chest, and back is breaking out like crazy as well (i wish it was like the breaking out you see in proactive commercials but no this was intense otherworldly shit). Fast forward to 2013 i graduate high school. virgin, never kissed a girl in my life, and have about 1 friend including my brother who is 6 years younger than me. I finally get some laser treatments on my face after graduating high school, 3 co2 procedures to be exact, they hurt like hell no one should be going through this at age 18. They helped somewhat. Acne in the face completely stopped around late 2014 up to this date i get about one tiny pimple every month or so. it is now 2015 i have deep scars on my face but somehow manage to get girls somehow, (btw my acne scarring is bad; like its not tiny brown marks like on google images they are deep holes, like if you literally google severe acne scars, mine are worse) anyway I'm still a virgin, pay an escort, yea not a virgin anymore. Somehow i still manage to get pretty attractive girls to flirt with me and touch me at school. the closest was this one girl i met in community college shows a hipster yoga type, we texted a lot, hung out at lunch, flirted etc. she ended up moving away dont know what is of her to this day, her name was melissa. it is now around mid 2015 i go to cna school and start working out, people on chatroulete would tell me i was hot, etc, but i stood kinda far from camera as to not show scars. (i guess from a few feet away I'm like pretty fucking attractive, but up close you see all the deep scars idk,  i also manage to get a pretty cool body since starting working out, I'm about 6ft, 180lbs can bench like 215 at that point.i had a big butt, like it was big; girls would tell me. anyway I'm in can school at this point i meet another chick by name of tay, we flirt a lot, she even touched my junk a few times, anyway nothing came out of that she ended up being a les. Keep in mind my back and chest are breaking out like crazy.Had a job as a waiter at the cheesecake factory i remember one time i walked in and some guy was like ""hey its freddy kreuger"", i really don't know if i just walked in at the precise moment as someone was talking about the movie or if they were talking about me, thats the only time in my life i got ""bullied"". Anyway its now 2016 i go to nursing school i get the attention of maybe one or two girls. Im doing awesome in school, still working out like crazy, still illegal and can't go to other countries, still somewhat depressed about scars, anyway fast forward to 2017 for some reason my chest and back acne are getting worse. like 90% of my back is covered in cysts, and my chest literally looks like someone burned me with an iron, bc of the scars (imagine dwight from the walking dead how half his face is burned, thats what my chest looked like bc of the scars, acne still somewhat active.) I start talking to this girl from school she for some reason ended up disappearing for a semester but she came back and was now a step behind me in academics, same school, same life goals, etc. Anyway we start hanging out i can tell we are really into each other we have a loooot in common, she was about 6 years older tho, didn't really mind. After maybe a month of hanging out we make it official bf and gf. Nursing school makes it hard for us to see each other since our schedules are different, and nursing school is busy. Anyway its the start of 2018 and we start getting more serious doing more things, etc. She asks me to the my shirt off, i freeze and in my head I'm like ""oh fuuuckk"" i make up a stupid excuse which was that i was hairy and hated taking my shirt off, she said its all good ""whatever made me comfortable"". I decide to do something very serious for all theses scars on my face and body, i go to a dermatologist and take my shirt off his response was ""holy fuck dude, you got a fuckload of scars"" yes this was a doctor. anyway that hurt like fucking hell. So i was like ""yea i know what can we do?"" his response; well this is the worst case of acne and acne scarring i have ever seen, your back and chest will never go back to how it was. this also hurt like a fucking ton of bricks. (in the back of my mind i always thought there was a laser that i could get and perhaps only need 2 sessions and my back would be decent, but no it turns out skin is much harder than that) anyway i pay $2,000, for a session of lasers ONLY for my entire back. they hurt like hell, and i do mean fucking hell. my back was numbed for an hour, then she did a few layers with one machine called an intracel, which is micro needling with radio frequency piercing about 2.0mm into your skin (idea is to stimulate collagen,etc) followed by another laser called sciton halo, which i can only describe as a mini blowtorch peeling away a layer of your skin. Whole procedure took about 5-6 hours (i literally wished i was legless, i was shaking in pain during procedure) even doc said that this one procedure would MAYBE give me a 30% improvement in the active acne and in the red blotches of holes that i had, i took that chance anyway. Meanwhile i land a job that pays fucking awesome for me not doing much, i work full time, at this point i break up with my gf , bc i figured she was gong to see me shirtless eventually and was going to be disgusted with me, i could already tell she was somewhat disgusted with my face, (maybe, perhaps not, she was nice, and she was gorgeous, she was like no other girl i had ever met).I break up with her before i end up getting hurt even worse, she seems to not mind that much when i broke it off with her (ill never know). At this point i decide to drop out of nursing school a few months shy of becoming an RN to ""fix my scars"" (bc nursing school was busy and i didn't have time to make a decent term appointment) it is now february 2018. I gave up hope that anything will fade my scars on my body and face since i start talking to people on forums such as acne.org and they tell me they have spent thousands of dollars and time, to only receive about a 40% improvement in scars. My back and chest are annihilated ( always hated spelling that word, its difficult). 3 months go by and literally no improvement in my back from that torturous procedure i had done on my ENTIRE BACK. Ive been on strong antibiotics, and will not go back on accutane since it didn't work the first time. I gave up hope that anybody will like me for who i am,  may sound like i am exaggerating but my back and chest are fucking disgusting. One procedure i had done on my face left my face a tad bit worse than it was. and i see my gf posting stuff on snap that isn't necessarily saying she found someone new but its getting there. I work in the medical field and have found a perfect opportunity recently to end it all. Apart form the acne which ate a whole chunk of my life, i feel like i was always different like i didn't understand why people danced, how people could be happy, i never understood why try to get a job if literally nothing matters, you and me are but a speck of dust in a misundertood, and unexplored universe which could pretty much be a tigers dream in another dimension. I always believed jobs and money were only invented to distract us from the fact that we are but a lonely fart that is 1/10000th of a millisecond long. I could never explain how people have such clear skin, i literally saw this one guy once in tucson, az he was super high on an opiate i presume, anyway he was laying in his own piss n a dirty ass bathroom, while his reparations were like 5/minute, he was probably like 19, the only thing i could think of was how in the bejesus was his skin so clear? he is rolling in his own piss, and he is dusty, meanwhile I'm over here wasting hundred on high grade meds and topicals and my body hates me, I've never done drugs, never smoked, never drank, literally the only thing i drink is water and organic crap so my diet is on fucking point, yet my body fucking hates me. I literally have never seen anyone with skin like mine, only one guy on acne.org who's entire body kinda looked like mine, but he ended up disappearing from the forum.  feel like no one understands what it is like, making eye contact is fucking hell, how am i going to get a girl if i can't even take my shirt off? Ive never been swimming it looks fun. o yea and folliculitis keeps running down my arms.  literally have no friends, my best friend is my 16 year old brother and i love him to death, he reminds me of me i can literally feel the depression in his soul, he is never amused by anything and it seems like he is lost, maybe it was genetic, maybe we are missing something in our brains that is also linked to extreme acne, he does not have acne though and i hope he never gets it, at his age i was already being consumed by that godforsaken bacteria: p. acnes.I literally wish could trade my legs or my arms for the disease, only bc my case is extremely bad and i don't wish it on anybody. Peace out eveyone, let me know what you think of my life ...if i get around to reading it."	sw
Please give me a tangible reason I just want to be valued and liked like everyone else around me is. But I don't have anything to prove it. I'm alone again and again.  I'm tired of the cognitive dissonance please give me something 	sw
"Kids fly to the moon in a day So as a kid I would love to tell stories I made up to my cousins. Before going to sleep I would stand up and narrate a story to them. They would always laugh at the stupidity in my stories (I am the youngest) and I would think they are laughing because they enjoy it. Out of the many stories I told them there is one we will never forget!   The story is about a pair of siblings. A brother and sister. Their father was an astronaut. So one day he comes up to his kids and tells them he’s taking them to the moon. Before going to the moon the kids discuss what the moon must look like and they both come to the conclusion that it is made of cheese. But when they land on the moon in a day they realise they were wrong. They still enjoy their time on the moon and eat the Maggi noodles packed by their mom when they got hungry.   After an amazing time on the moon they come back to earth. One day as they were playing they find an unusual but familiar rock.  “This rock has fallen from the moon!”  The brother exclaims.  The kids discuss what to do with it for a while and decide they should go tell their father and take it back to the moon.   So they go back to the moon, again in a day. When they reach, they take the piece of rock they found and stick it to moon with feviquik (super glue) "	cc
"My cat hasn't come home for 2 days. I'm really worried about him. He's disappeared before, but it's always been because of some change. He dipped for a few days when we got a new cat, and made himself scarce for a few days after a visit from my sister's dog. I'm just worried because as far as I can tell, there's no reason for him to want to avoid the house. And I haven't seen him come back to get food or water or anything.   Anyone else's cat disappear for little stretches of time? I don't know when the appropriate time is to start putting out signs and what not. He has a collar with my number on it and everything. Should I be worried? Should I give it another day or two?"	cc
"I am not willing or able to suffer through all the things in life that everyone has to deal with. I am so fucked up in the head - I don't even know how normal people function. I'm so far gone. I want so badly to be dead but I want so badly not to hurt the people that have supported me.   I truly think I'm just not wired to want to be alive. Maybe it's just a chemical imbalance issue but I've allowed plenty of psychiatrists to give me over a dozen different regimens of medications that only made my life worse, so I have zero faith in going that route again. Regular therapy has never seemed to help, either.  I will try to find a way to posthumously comfort the people who have helped me and help them to understand. I know that damage will be done, inevitably, but I don't believe that damage will be worse than if I were to stick around, being a miserable sack of shit and draining everyone around me. "	sw
"What is your hobby? I'm looking for a new hobby. I'm trying to get into geocaching, but so far I've found I'm really bad at it. (Geocaching is when people hide containers and other people try to find them. Sorry I'm bad at explaining things. You should probably just google it.) My main hobby is Dungeons and Dragons, which is really fun. I like to be dungeon master because I can make cool stories."	cc
"Life Does Not Have Intrinsic Worth or Meaning Life is value-less. You know why I think that. Because I can't do anything important. I can't fix world energy issues, stabilize geopolitical hellscapes, provide enough care for all the needy.  I can barely get out of bed in the morning, let alone achieve something meaningful. I certainly can't achieve my dreams, not anymore.   So why bother living a life you don't want? Why bother living an unsatisfying, empty existence that people guilt you into calling life?"	sw
"Can't figure out what today. I had made such a fantastic turn around, loving everything and doing great these past few months. This past week has just. Gone. I don't know what to do. I'm a junior in college. And I can't get myself out of the rut. Not the first time, it's a time of many. Constant thoughts and self destructive actions. I feel like tonight may be the night. I have all of my pills ready. I'm ready to go. I just can't bring myself to do it. I have one person to talk to, but they recently got a new GF. So I'm stuck alone, contemplating. At least [some tunes help sooth the heart](https://imgur.com/a/dfKDE), if the actions come though. "	sw
"Saw Ready Player One yesterday! Me and the gf saw the movie yesterday and despite all the bad things we heard it was a really good movie I think! She was very nervous about it, but I tried keeping my hype up to enjoy it and it paid off for us!  Anyone else see the movie recently? Whatcha think of it? Anyone here really hate it? I’m honestly more curious to learn why people dislike it so much, I know about the book, but I’m asking about the movie alone. "	cc
April 15th I'm only 16 but I've made up my mind after shifty years I came to the realization I won't amount to anything I'm going to end it all by overdosing on Xanax I will try to live as happy as I can be for this remaining week to have at least one happy memory 	sw
"So apparently I'm an empath I was doing yoga with a new friend last night and my wife, and I dsecribed to her how I always feel responsible for managing my wife's moods. If she is in a bad mood, I suddenly am too, even if I'm having a fantastic day. I can't seperate my emotions and hers, and I've always viewed myself as a mirror who reflects the emotions of those around me.  Can anyone else relate?"	cc
"Knifes and wrists Im 16 tormented 24 hours a day with high anxiety and depression (wich is rapidly increasing). it gotten to a point where i panic all the time with any sound like insects, doors opening and closing, my parents talking. With fear of what they might be saying about me, (you guys may think im just a stupid guy with stupid fears). I've re-gained my fear of sleeping on the dark thinking that my room has creatures waiting for me to sleep so that they can torture me to death. Every time i go out im affraid someone is going to cut my genitals or slice my troath. A few weeks ago i lost my phone so i was using my mom's. I was watching gay porn she took the phone back at night and i spent the whole night with panic attacks with fear she discovered i'm bissexual and force me to do conversion theraphy. Luckly she didnt open the browser. I started pinning my arms with forks and knifes for a few days and for a few seconds my depression and anxiety vanishes. Should i just stop pinning and cut  my wrists and get done with like my dad suggests for years. Please i beg dont judge me for my sexuality i hate to be that way i am it's not my choice i've tried to change believe me. Also im sorry for my english it's not my birth language."	sw
"How do police officers not go completely insane after years on the force I just a read a story in the paper about police officers catching a guy with child porn on his computer. After things like that, domestic abuse situations, poor living conditions for children, gang violence, and everything else, how the fuck do they not go completely off the rails in a few years?"	cc
"What is enjoyable about hard liquors So things like whiskey, bourbon, scotch, and possibly some other things. They're so rough and burn you through, and not in the good way either. Its a very course feeling and I was wondering what people get out of the drink other then looking tough as nails."	cc
"Losing the will to continue after husband's last violent outburst Like the title says, I was already on the brink, now my husband has destroyed the trust I had in him. Really don't know what to do. "	sw
What are people looking forward to this year? I have my first gig. I'm off to see Ed Sheeran in June. I have never in my 27 years seen anyone live.   Also first family holiday is in June. It's my 8 year olds first time abroad that isn't Ireland to see family.      	cc
"Why live for other people? I've been depressed since I was 12. I'm now 19, I've dropped out of college, I don't do shit with my life. I've tried 5 antidepressants and therapy, none of which worked. Why should I keep living for other people, I'm probably going to kill myself sooner or later, so why not now? There's no guarantee that I'll get better, in fact, it's unlikely that I will given my treatment resistant depression.  Please don't respond with standard ""people love you!"" ""it gets better!"" etc. You mean well, but it doesn't help."	sw
"I feel completely fine I feel completely fine, no emotion, no sadness or whatever. However I just made a suicide doc in Word and I'm in a queue to talk to some suicide watch web chat. I don't understand what I'm doing because I don't feel anything? It's confusing, like am I bored? Am I just going to passively suicide without resisting?  I can paste my suicide note if that would help anyone. Me I guess?   Thanks for reading. It's been a hard life."	sw
"I've wanted to die from impulse since I was little. I'm 27 and have had suicidal thoughts and impulses for about 18 or 17 years. I have these sudden bursts of overwhelming desire to die at the spur of the moment that are overwhelming at times like,  I'll be sitting in the passenger seat of a car and have to stop myself from opening the door and jumping out on the highway.  Jumping into a wild animal exhibit at the zoo. Plunging a knife into my chest that I'm holding in my hand  And I try to put myself into situations where I can die without it being technical suicide I think.  An example i have is about 2 years ago when I was walking home from work late at night I saw this guy who was breaking into a van, I yelled at him and he pulled out a gun and instead of me running away I just sprinted towards him swearing and telling him if you shoot you better not miss and than he just started running. I caught up to him and slamed his head into the asphalt and called the police  Too this day I keep thinking about that night and I wish he just pulled the trigger I don't even care that I caught the guy to be honest I just wanted him to end it. I find myself looking for moments like that again but I'm just never around during the crime and I live in a pretty low crime area town.  My question is do i have some kind of mental illness? Idk if there are even meds or therapy that is designed to help with these thoughts or action? Do you know anything about these tendencies any input would be appreciated.   "	sw
"I get confused for being a 28 year old Ever since I came to Japan (from the age 17, now 19) I have constantly been mistaken for a 25+ year old. Yesterday I was shopping for some summer clothes, when the shop assistant came and asked me if I was buying clothes for work.  Also at my part time job, my coworkers (mostly university students) all thought I was around 28, and were hesitant to talk to me. Sometimes do get hurt and sad, by those words. "	cc
"Can't sleep and pissed Suicide is the easy way out my ass. Been trying to get access to painless and quick methods. Can't go and traumatise some train or truck driver, would make suicide look even more selfish. My only option is a knife, I know I need to cut the jugular or carotid artery. No idea how to locate them, I don't want to fail. Plus it's painful and you have to have the balls to do it. Wish euthanasia was allowed..."	sw
"I have a clothing question and wanted to get opinions. Should I wear long sleeve shirts with the sleeves pulled up the forearm or completely down? I'm fine with wearing either way so at this point I care more about what most people to consider to look good. I don't wear sweatshirts with the sleeves up because I think that looks dumb. Instead I'd only pull the sleeves up on long shirts. I have a skinnier body type more ""lean"". I've been going to the gym and I'm building muscle slowly. So overall I don't know what the consensus is on if long sleeve shirts look better with the sleeves down or pulled up and just wanted to know."	cc
"Anyone else watching Into the Badlands on Netflix? I just happened upon it while browsing. It's pretty ridiculous a lot of the time and the fights are super unrealistic mostly - but fun, but it's pretty awesome setting wise and quite imaginative. I assume it's based on a animé or something.  Anyway anyone else watching it? Thoughts?"	cc
"My cat let me clip all his front claws for the first time!! I just wanted to brag somewhere because it's 1 am where I live. He's a former feral who has been living with me for a year. He's my buddy and I'm so proud of the progress he's been making. Heck, the first hour he was home, he bit me so hard I almost needed stitches.  The shelter I got him from never expected him to get adopted. He was angry, miserable, and sad. He normally makes anyone who touches his paws bleed- until tonight!! He wasn't even agitated. He was so calm! He even groomed me back!!   I'm about to go workout for a little bit but I'll keep checking back!   EDIT: https://imgur.com/bR4nGID here he is! "	cc
"Disabled, hours away from a training trip abroad and all I can do is get drunk and wish that I could end it all right now, I just want to die. "	sw
Thinking about suicide makes me happy. And that encourage me so much to do it. Anyone feel the same way?	sw
"So i just rescued a cat... I run a small cleaning company. I had a call this afternoon from a panicked lady (not a client, just a random) saying she needed someone with a long ladder to rescue her cat that's been on a roof for 12hrs and now seems to be unconscious. I went to have a look but the cat was far too high up for the standard ladders we carry. So I returned to base, got a longer ladder, a roof ladder, and got into my fall arrest harness and went back. Getting up on the roof scared the life outta me. Despite the fact part of our services involve working at height, I still don't like heights!  When I eventually reached the ridgeline where the cat was, it came to and ran down the other side of the roof and then two houses over. I then had to come back down again (anyone else find it scarier coming down from a height than going up it or just me?), go to the back of the house where it was, climb onto a lower roof and eventually managed to coax it down.  Not the day I was expecting when I went to work this morning!  Anyone had something unexpected happen this week?"	cc
"Save me Romeo         It’s getting worse, it keeps getting worse, why? Why? Why? My parents found out I’m still trans ( pre-transition), and they found out I’m still gay. I’m 14 and I’m living in jordan, I hate my life. I had a big fight with my therapist at conversion therapy and my mother is going to switch me to a new therapist. Everyone tells me I’m going to regret transitioning but I get angry at the thought of staying a male. My (former) therapist last offered me to tell my parents to let me transition, last afternoon I told him I accept his offer and he didn’t comply and we ended up fighting and I keep arguing with my parents. I hate my life, if only My unrequited love was bi ( and not straight) and reciprocated my feelings, we would be together and I would have left conversion therapy long ago and no one would know and I would have the patience to wait till I’m 18 to transition (more info on my heartbreak in my last post). Today has been one of the worst days of my life, for the past 6 weeks I have been at my lowest: heartbroken, unaccepted, lonely , friendless , numb and dangerously depressed. I want to kill myself but I fucked up in my last 11 suicide attempts since August 2017. I also cut myself today, now my wrists are  filled with plasters. I’m not crazy, am I? I have been suicidal since 2015,  since then I have went from “I will be happy and I will save myself” to “Save me Romeo”. I really wish Romeo will come to save me soon. There is no way out, I hate myself. I’m sorry. Someone answer me please."	sw
"God I’m so alone I’ve started smoking weed again but it’s triggered all kinds of feelings of when my boyfriend dumped me and the hell of 6 months I went through. I attempted suicide 2 months after we broke up. Now I’m back in the same spot. I’m being bullied at work, today I had a meltdown and just bawled my eyes out in the manager’s room because of how awful they are to me. I have no one to talk to. Literally nobody. I feel like I’ve lost all my friends now, I’m just so stressed out."	sw
"I feel like I did tough mudder yesterday. All I did was sleep but my brain must have been bored as all get out because my dreams were mad, all over the place, insane, and never ending.  I could barely get out of bed cause everything hurt and I tried to get to the bathroom thinking ""WHY??""     I just really needed to share.  Maybe someone relates.  "	cc
"It's raining so hard right now that you cant see through the rain They are giant raindrops, and They are falling super fast. Yesterday it was 70 degrees and sunny out. What a weather difference. What is the weather like where you live?"	cc
"Are people >25 still struggling with suicidal thoughts? It feels like everyone in this sub and r/depression is...  a teenager or in their early twenties.  I've been suicidal, on and off, since I was 14.  I'm 27.  It's...  tiring."	sw
"Can’t go on anymore Been depressed / suicidal for a month approximately, during weekdays I managed to stay on work until late, it’s more manageable there. I can distract and kind of feel ashamed to be depressed there, so I have a good reason to look normal.  In relation to this matter, today is being the hardest day of my life. The only things I can think are the things that bring me down. I just want it to end, no matter how. I’m sweating while still and it’s not even hot here.   I bought some razors and I’m planning to use it. Not to kill me, but the physical pain somehow makes me forget my life for a while. I’m too much of a loser to just kill my self. Too afraid of what people will think about me, and sometimes I even feel hope, so this stops me to go on.  Anyway, I don’t know what I expect from writing this, just got the urge. And I fear so much for tomorrow, it’s Sunday and I’ll be home too, from the way things are going it will be even more painful than today.  Just need to end it, by one way or another.  "	sw
"I love Collecting Items Hi all,  Happy Wednesday, hope you're having a good day. Just celebrated my birthday yesterday and the thought of ""I like collecting things"" came to mind. So I like collecting Funko Pop figures of things I like, know it might not be appealing to some but I enjoy picking up trinkets like that, along with Collectors Editions statues and all.   Also what I collected a few of lately is hip flasks. I got one from Temple Bar in Dublin, One in Amsterdam and picked up another in the Jameson Whiskey Distillery, also getting my name engraved. Just enjoy having little ornaments like that, I know some people would flip and ask why I take things out of the box, look at the future value but honestly? I just love admiring my stuff on my shelves haha.  How about you guys? do any of you collect anything in particular? :) "	cc
"Missed myself again last night. I left my closet because I was in pain. I went upstairs to hug my little sister, seeing her usually gives me a reason to stay and guilt over what I want to do.   This time, I felt nothing even while holding the child. I think I'm disconnecting.   Not sure how much longer I'll stay, guys. I used to tell myself to graduate university first so I accomplish one visible thing at least in my life... but now I don't know.  I just feel physically and mentally numb."	sw
"It’s been on my mind more and more. Like an echo. I feel like I want to buy a gun but scared that when I go into the store, they will see right through me and start an interrogation.  "	sw
"I have bpd I have quiet bpd I was just wondering if there was anyone else who has it  , I just feel so alone "	sw
i tried fuck it. i’ll never be good enough. i tried being what they want. might as well just be gone. 	sw
"It has gotten worse, and I owe you all an apology. I love you all, to a fault. Thank you for your help, and I hope the same courtesy is extended to you. No human being deserves to go through this. I'm ready to finish it."	sw
"My new job is awesome! I said in my last post that I have a new job. It's even better than I could have imagined. I work in a small movie theatre, helping with the behind the scenes and the daily operations.  I spend two hours of my workday today watching 'The shape of water' and this is only day one. I could not begin to explain how happy I am right now. Hope you had a great day as well"	cc
"I'm out soon. I have no desire to be here. I don't think that I objectively could be any less worth. I would make the world a better place by leaving the gene pool. Actually, being me is a-okay until you reach a certain age. I'm about to be 18, but I don't feel mature enough. I'm not socially skilled enough. I'm bogged down by sleep deprivation. I like the opposite sex. It does not even sound that bad, but it's a bad ground foundation of traits to have in life. I'm unhappy with the person that I am and I feel lesser worth.   I only wish the best for everyone else. I want all of my peers to have a great life with a partner, house and a nice job. The thought of that makes me happy, but only if I can be dead at the same time.  I want to give away my money to my peers. Literslly"	sw
"I was a crazy mistake Life's been flushed like shit down the toilet.  It's crazy how fast it happens.  My few friends want nothing to do with me.  I was laughed at for being a ""crazy motherfucker"" for trying to reach out to them.  I came out to one of them I was molested when I was 11 by my brother and then they wanted nothing to do with me.  The person that used to stare into my eyes and tell me I was the only one they loved is somewhere in another state far away, with a new phone and life.  Maybe i'm just destined not to know what it means to love and be loved.  Maybe i'm just a terrible person that deserves all they can get.    Now I'm in the company of a new dependable set of friends, cheapass vodka, and best friend oxy.  True friends to the end  "	sw
"It's so easy Here's what I've been looking at today:  - Downloading Tor, 1 minute - Finding a darknet marketplace, 1 minute - Creating an account, 30 seconds - Wiring cryptocurrencies, 30 minutes - Shipping heroin, 2 - 4 days - Intramuscular injection of lethal dose, 10 minutes - Delay before effect, 5 - 8 minutes  I even wrote down a couple things people will need to clean after me such as preferred charities for donations, people who knew me best for understanding, passwords for clearing my bank accounts...  The path seems so simple."	sw
I just spent 2 hours editing a video and when I was almost finished I thought why not clear up some space on my drive and deleted all clips that were included in the video. AMA. This happens so often. It's like I can't ever finish a video project because I always manage to fuck it up. It was such a great video. gawd. 	cc
Bye bye What the title says. I wish you all the best but I’m checking out. Noose tied. Sign written warning room mates not to open door. Waiting for room mate to leave for class then I’ll be free. 😊. 	sw
"18 YEAR OLD FAT FAILURE, NEVER HAD A GIRLFRIEND. Where do i begin, from a young age i have een bullied and made fun of,i was always called names for my obese looking body. i am currently 5'10 weighing in at 237 pounds and a receeding hairline that makes my balding head look even worse. to top things off i also just got rejected by my crush of 4-5 years in which i always made her laugh and smile, but because of my disgusting body and teeth she rejected me after i offered to take her out on dinner. a failure in school as well, with terrible grades and a low self esteeem. in the hallways the teachers usually stare at me for some odd reason, maybe its because of the things i mentioned earlier, same as the kids in school. well alright guess im blowing my head off :L "	sw
"Why should we live safe, standard lives? What I mean is why should I follow someone else's life plan? Graduate high school, go to college, get a job with a corporation and work a 9-5 job, marry someone, and have kids that will live the same life.  It seems so boring... What's the point other than being comfortable? We only get one life. We'll only exist one time (that we know of) and then that's it. Nothingness forever. We will just cease to exist. So why settle for a boring life??  I want to explore the world, see all the beautiful and amazing things on our planet, experience different cultures.   I know it would be hard to do and not very practical. I would have to give up material things, the gym, hobbies I have. I would have to give up my family. Anyone else feel this way? We only have a brief period of time where we exist on this planet... Why waste it being comfortable and not necessarily happy and satisfied with life?"	cc
Does anyone know a drug dealer? I need to make some cash fast and need to finish off my list now. 	sw
"Currently sitting in a hotel near Beachy Head, one of the world's most famous suicide spots. I'm hoping to jump tomorrow. I spent the day walking around the cliffs. I've never been here before but settled on this place because it has such a high success rate. I promised myself that if I were to go through with this I had to make sure I succeeded the first time and didn't just end up with some brain or internal organ injury. My only regret is that some poor team will have to clean up my remains, but I'd rather a team of experienced people do that than being discovered by someone I know.  I've wanted to commit suicide for a while now, but even still, before I arrived here I was worried that I'd see it and be too scared to do it outside of my own home, but it is very peaceful here. It's almost a surreal place, it's perfect. I was also worried about encountering the volunteers who try to stop people from jumping, but I didn't see any on my walk today, though that may have been due to the weather.   I've posted on here before under a couple of usernames and have had some nice messages of support, so I thought it was fitting to write a little goodbye to the few people who cared towards the end, you guys do great work for many people. If any of you happen to live in Eastbourne and hear about a young man jumping in the next few days, just know that I'm finally at peace, I'm sound of mind and it's what I wanted. "	sw
"For the first time, I’m finally semi confident without wearing a shirt! I’ve been dieting for 3 months, tracking calories, lifting, and rowing crew every morning for two months. It’s all paid off, I don’t know what happened, but for the first time I can remember I looked in the mirror and it just kind of clicked, I don’t look half bad. The progress is starting to show; my arms actually have some definitions, and my stomach is for sure shrinking. I’m not where I want to be in the end yet, and honestly have a lot of work left to get there, but after today I got a huge boost of motivation. I just wanted to share this with someone, this is definitely a great feeling. "	cc
"Exams are making it worse My GCSEs are in a month and I've done no revision. I try, but I genuinely can't find the motivation within me to put pen to paper. I'm so terrified of failing my exams but I've got no motivation to study for them, I'm really struggling to push out the thoughts that killing myself is the answer to this sitatuion. "	sw
"Empty I feel empty inside. I have no ambition in life and have no motivation to move forward with confidence. When I think about my future, I am 100% uncertain on what I will be doing and whether or not I'll be alive anytime soon. I'm almost at the end of my first year at university and so far it hasn't been great. I have friends and have fun, but once I think about the bigger picture, everything gets crushed. I feel so left behind. I was always sheltered and reclusive so I didn't really learn much about the world. It doesn't help that I get severely self-conscious and anxious to the point that everyday life is an obstacle. I sit here looking up to my peers who already know how to do their taxes and have their driver's liscense. I admire them, but what am I exactly? I've failed my road test 5 times and have a thin understanding of taxes/the adult world. I have poor work ethic and am currently struggling academically to the point that the stress may kill me. I always feel tired and don't put enough effort into studying like I should be. Should I just end it here before my parents waste their hard earned money on someone like me?  Thank you for reading."	sw
ive posted here a couple of times and each time my life just keeps getting worse im writing this in my car i pulled over because i couldnt stop crying. i feel hopeless. im trying so hard to make things better but nothing works. nothing helps.	sw
"My pistol says "".45 ACP"" on it I'm so glad I can finally make it quick and painless."	sw
"""/ i've felt depressed for years and it comes and goes in waves but each wave keeps getting worse and worse and closer together. i'm having less full days of happiness or content and more where my mind is just cramped with how to commit. all the reasons in the past that made me not make a plan are gone. i'm graduating soon with no plans and i know i'm gonna lose the one person who makes me so happy. i don't know how to handle it all anymore. i don't know what to do when i graduate and have nothing left. i used to always see my future of getting married with kids but i couldn't picture college or that in between and now i'm in college and i can't picture life beyond it. i dont want to make it another day. "	sw
"Because theres so many zuckerberg = robot/lixard man, i am actually starting to feel like he is Like, i dont believe he is a robot, but when i get the image of him in my head i just imagine him being this monster finally getting caught or smth. Idk, just kinda funny"	cc
"I'm not sure I'm strong enough to keep living I just bought half a gram of heroin and about half a gram of coke, so I could do all the heroin at once and then all the coke and enjoy the feeling for an hour and then pass away.   I just dont know anymore, I don't think I'm strong enough to keep living. I tried to do the same three days ago, but a friend came over and I ended up just doing a regular speedball. Two days ago I was almost raped, I'm just so tired. The only thing that gets me up in the morning and the reason I'm still here is because I've been through so much worse. I've been trying to reach out to my friends, but its tiring on them and I understand that. I guess I'm writing here as a call for help because I don't know what to do. I was at the psych ward today, but they don't want to admit me because they're worried I'll be a chronic psych ward patient or something. Whats funny is that I feel so close to being a chronically dead instead.    Please let me know if this violates any guidelines or rules here because thats not my intention. "	sw
"Weird sound outside my house. Alright, I recorded this a few hours ago, but I haven't posted it until now.  Anyway, I was sitting on this couch, and outside my house was a loud noise, and I felt the vibrations too, it was super weird.  Anyway, I recorded it, and you have to amplify it to hear it, but there's alot of static, it sounds like a horror game, but it's not.  [Here's the raw audio file.](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1m7P0bi6Cm07JFKlVQdNliv7jpIS7zFwI)"	cc
"I made my salsa too spicy I love to make my own tomatillo salsa and I usually seed the Jalapeno, but this time I left like 1/8 of the seeds in and not my mouth is on fire. This is upsetting for me.  Anyone else experienced this?  Edit: I added Roma tomatoes, and it helped, but now the flavor's off"	cc
"Anyone tried the ""36 questions that lead to love""? I recently discovered the YouTube channel Jubilee, and they have a couple videos called Tea with Strangers where they take the ""36 questions that lead to love"" but have 3 strangers do it together, and watching it really makes me want to do it.  I've heard about the questions before but, being the ever-skeptical person I am, found myself rolling my eyes when I heard the concept.  However, after watching the Jubilee videos, it makes me imagine how fun and enlightening it could be to do with one or two other people.  Anyone tried these questions, seen the videos or thought about what it'd be like to do them?  Edit: My answers are spread throughout three comments.  I think I type too much :D  Here are the questions btw, just for convenience:   1. Given the choice of anyone in the world, whom would you want as a dinner guest? 2. Would you like to be famous? In what way? 3. Before making a telephone call, do you ever rehearse what you are going to say? Why? 4. What would constitute a “perfect” day for you? 5. When did you last sing to yourself? To someone else? 6. If you were able to live to the age of 90 and retain either the mind or body of a 30-year-old for the last 60 years of your life, which would you want? 7. Do you have a secret hunch about how you will die? 8. Name three things you and your partner appear to have in common. 9. For what in your life do you feel most grateful? 10. If you could change anything about the way you were raised, what would it be? 11. Take four minutes and tell your partner your life story in as much detail as possible. 12. If you could wake up tomorrow having gained any one quality or ability, what would it be? 13. If a crystal ball could tell you the truth about yourself, your life, the future or anything else, what would you want to know? 14. Is there something that you’ve dreamed of doing for a long time? Why haven’t you done it? 15. What is the greatest accomplishment of your life? 16. What do you value most in a friendship? 17. What is your most treasured memory? 18. What is your most terrible memory? 19. If you knew that in one year you would die suddenly, would you change anything about the way you are now living? Why? 20. What does friendship mean to you? 21. What roles do love and affection play in your life? 22. Alternate sharing something you consider a positive characteristic of your partner. Share a total of five items. 23. How close and warm is your family? Do you feel your childhood was happier than most other people’s? 24. How do you feel about your relationship with your mother? Set III 25. Make three true “we” statements each. For instance, “We are both in this room feeling ... “ 26. Complete this sentence: “I wish I had someone with whom I could share ... “ 27. If you were going to become a close friend with your partner, please share what would be important for him or her to know. 28. Tell your partner what you like about them; be very honest this time, saying things that you might not say to someone you’ve just met. 29. Share with your partner an embarrassing moment in your life. 30. When did you last cry in front of another person? By yourself? 31. Tell your partner something that you like about them already. 32. What, if anything, is too serious to be joked about? 33. If you were to die this evening with no opportunity to communicate with anyone, what would you most regret not having told someone? Why haven’t you told them yet? 34. Your house, containing everything you own, catches fire. After saving your loved ones and pets, you have time to safely make a final dash to save any one item. What would it be? Why? 35. Of all the people in your family, whose death would you find most disturbing? Why? 36. Share a personal problem and ask your partner’s advice on how he or she might handle it. Also, ask your partner to reflect back to you how you seem to be feeling about the problem you have chosen.﻿"	cc
Remington 870 Is going to be my gun of choice.	sw
"I'm New to the ""Travel for business"" world and I have a few questions, thought this place might be a good start. A Little backstory:  I'm 30, I transitioned out of the shop and field so to speak roughly 14 months ago.  I ran my own business throughout my 20's, but missing out on chunks of my daughters early years, and the advent of another child on the way, necessitated change.   I found a good business to work for, where I could apply what I have learned over the first half of my working life so far.  somehow I found myself quickly climbing the ranks, and now I spend 3 to 4 days a week in the bay area of CA, alone.  I actually enjoy it, to a degree, I'm not anti-social, but I'm very task oriented so I tend to fixate on my daily objectives. I find myself back in the hotel room around 5 or 6 PM.  Some days just checking out and watching a movie or picking up a book will suffice, however, other days I get this nagging feeling that I'm wasting valuable time, I could be doing something more entertaining/fulfilling/educational etc.   I'm interested in hearing from people with similar situations, and what they've found to help kill the time, or expand on themselves. however, I'm still interested in hearing good book recommendations or good movies...hell, even good places to eat if anyone happens to have area specific recommendations after a little conversation.   thanks in advance, everyone! "	cc
"Smiling at videos and hope that I can achieve the same level of happiness some day So I was browsing Reddit as usual when I stumbled across a gif at r/gifs about Fred Astaire dancing on 1970 Oscar at the age of 71. Automatically my brain started playing ""I wont dance"" scene from the movie ""Roberta"" so I searched it up on YouTube and rewatch it. And at the corner of my eye I saw another video that I loved - ""Singin' In the Rain"" by Gene Kelly so I did the only logical thing, I clicked and rewatch that video too.   I found myself smiling at that video and I wonder if I'll ever be as happy as Gene Kelly's character is in that scene. I certainly hope that I'll be able to find a reason to be as happy as he is!   What is that one short video or movie scene that makes you happy and smile?  P.S. I've never watched both movies, just the scenes that I mentioned in that movie. I can't really explain why because I absolutely adore both scenes. "	cc
"Do you think young teens are hooking up less these days because they have phones? Back in the day kids would make out at parties or friends' houses because there was nothing else to do, certainly not a phone or social media to escape the awkward boredom."	cc
"I’m Considering Killing Myself Tomorrow I go to a school right by the interstate. It would be easy for me to sneak out, run up the exit ramp, and jump in front of a truck.  Nobody I know really cares about me. All the people I know at school couldn’t care less, even my friends, about me. My extended family hates me, and my father’s been dead for years, with my mother just barely taking time to interact with me.  I am terrible at everything I try to do. I’m supposedly good at math, but I can’t really do it. I have terrible memory, and I have little to no social skills.  Since I was nine I’ve wished I didn’t exist. Now, at thirteen, I have a death wish. For the past two months, I have had suicidal thoughts, ranging from jumping off of a building, to strangling myself, and I settled on this.    I don’t know if I’ll go through with it, but I don’t have much to live for. I’ve considered trying to get to see a therapist, but I think that will only prolong the inevitable.  Please don’t tell me to contact a hotline, because I did that. They didn’t help much.  I also generally just hate life. I didn’t choose to be born, but here I am.  Edit: I’m giving myself until Friday, because I need a plan, but also in case I don’t want to do it in the end."	sw
"How to over it I lost my left eye in accident , it's cross-eyed and it makes me ugly and depressed . "	sw
My anxiety is unbearable. I feel like I'd be better off gone. I have yet to tell anyone of my problems. I want to tell my family but my anxiety is telling me not to. All of the extra attention isn't necessarily something I want to deal with. And it'd make things so much more difficult. I think offing myself is the best choice and the urge is becoming stronger. I know I need help but I'm too afraid to get it. Depression and anxiety sure are a bitch.	sw
"My Coworker Hates Hippies Today I found out one of my coworkers hates hippies. The thing is I'm a hippie, and we have always gotten along. Eventually I had to ask why he hates them and his response was that we are all stupid and dirty people who have no place in society. It kinda heart tbh. Then he followed it up by saying I'm not a hippie, which confused me. He said I'm a hippie wanna be. I then tried to explain to him what a hippie is and he just got pissed and left work. I kinda feel bad, I didn't mean to make him mad or feel bad."	cc
"I can't do this anymore, one last goodbye I can't be like this anymore.   I pretend that I'm normal. I go to work. I work 8-4 like everybody else. But there's this everlasting sadness inside me. Some days it worse, but I still put up my shell towards people so they don't worry. I smile, I laugh, I crack jokes.   But then I get home.  I just break down. Crying, smashing things, punching the wall. I don't know what to do. I just get overwhelmed with this hopelessness. I wish there was something I could do, but I've tried for too long.  The last time the knot untied. This time I made sure it's nice and tight. I guess this is my goodbye.   I'm sorry for the times I let those near me down. I'm sorry for not being normal. I'm sorry for giving up so easily. I'm sorry I can't take me anymore.  Goodbye and thanks for everything"	sw
"I think I am going to do it I have no reason to live, my immediate family, who I cannot stand, are the only people who love me, I have no purpose in life, and I am a failure at everything I do."	sw
"I really want to kill myself, but... ... I'm just too damn scared. Seriously, I have a suicide note written out, I have a plan on how to notify everyone I know, I have an idea for my funeral or memorial, and I know what I want to do with my belongings. My main problem is that I'm too scared to kill myself. I want it to be quick and sudden, not slow and gradual. I don't know. I'm just done with trying and with life. Everything I need and long for in life is not meant to be for me at all. I'm tired of constant failure and disappointment."	sw
At least the sky is beautiful. I don't understand what's wrong with me. I'm so overwhelmed with school. I space out for hours at a time and can't convince myself to do my work and that just makes it worse. I just wanted to feel less alone tonight. And he doesn't want to talk to me. Why am I so fucking needy? I would rather die than keep feeling like this. I would rather die than do my work. I would rather die than fail another class. I would rather die than keep burdening the people in my life. I'm just crying walking around campus in a thunderstorm now hoping I get struck by lightning. Or maybe I'll go lie down in traffic. Or maybe when I get back to my room I'll figure out some sort of death there. I don't know. I don't know.	sw
Would 8 stories be enough to kill me? I would prefer to die instantly but I'm not sure if 8 is enough.	sw
"I want to apply to different companies, but I feel stuck in my current position I feel stuck in my current position because it's not really ""one"" position, it's a mosh of several different positions.  I do department communications, data analysis, training and development, and some other stuff.  I have a lot of specific responsibilities from these other positions so it's not like I'm doing ""X"" job.  That combined with the fact that I don't know what I actually want to do bothers me.  I'm going to school for business management but that's only because I know I can get the degree and it'll help me get a better job.  I work in banking so there are probably tons of opportunities, but I just don't know what I want to do.  Any help on what I can do to actually find something that I like?  What have you done that helped lead you to your dream job?"	cc
"What film should I watch? I’m finally buckling down and getting through films I’ve wanted to see for ages. In the past week I’ve watched Interstellar, Inception, Night Crawler, The Shape of Water, Dunkirk, Castle In The Sky and The Disaster Artist.  Shoot me some suggestions! What’s your favourite movie? What do you recommend?   ( If you use it, follow me on letterboxd @sam_holmesy )"	cc
"I just had a wonderful time... so why am I in pain? I just went to a show. It was about a popular youtuber. For once in my life I felt happy. But once it ended, it felt like a knife went through my heart, and I forgot what joy even felt like. Why does it hurt for me to feel emotions, even happiness? I don't want to live. I have no reason to live when all I feel is pain. I'd rather feel nothing. I wish I could remove my emotions.  Thank you for listening to the ramblings of a madwoman"	sw
"Oh... Fuck it Some of you may know... I'm psychotic, depressed, anxious and fat all at the same time.  Now... I'm having a bad fucking day.  So I'm here to vent a bit. It might sound funny to you... and that's fine. I would love nothing more than to make someone's shitty sad face turn into a smile... even for a second.  Today started like every other day... I woke up. Now I got a book yesterday called altered carbon. I had plans today... to read it. Well I've read fucking none of it. I've spent all day THINKING about reading it.. but actually reading it? I just go.... nahh... fuck that.  I've been for a shit today and I've put some clothes away. Normally when I go do bullshit tasks like clothes and loading up the dishwasher and emptying it for the millionth time... I listen to some music and usually things go alright. This time I just didn't. So that made everything worse.  When I went for a shit I got even more upset because... I'm so fat now that when I look down to admire my flacid 5 inches of my dick... Well I couldn't see the fucking thing unless I held a mirror there. I tried holding in all my fattiness to sort of push it out the way and I only managed to see the tip of my penis.  Now I don't wanna have a shower that I desperately need because I don't wanna look down and NOT be able to see my dick! Plus there's always that shitty feeling after a shower. You think it will make you feel better and you get out and dry yourself and sit down and all of a sudden..... ""hmmmm... I felt better before the shower""  Then I spent some time googling quick and easy ways to kill myself and all I get is articles with people responding with things like... ""I'm worried about you... please go get help""... no.. don't tell me that. I came here to find out how to die fast using a fork and bleach. I just want one simple answer... not a wall of text trying to make the original poster feel better. That ain't helping me!!!!  So I decided to come here and tell you about my crappy day. Also the weather outside is damp and 100% cloud covered. I can't see the fucking Sun or the blue sky which is pretty much the last nice thing to look at on this crappy planet and society of ours.  I just wish I could beat my mental illness and get off all the fucking meds and go back to drinking cider all day. Only then... I might be able to tolerate that awful fucking cloudy grey British sky.  Who knows.. maybe I am ready to get off the meds. Maybe I'm ready to live again. But every time I try taper off meds by day 3 I am FUCKED. So fucked that I overdose on all that I missed and fall asleep for about 18 hours and wake up not remembering anything."	sw
"What to do with a half-eaten box of Girl Scout Cookies? My parents sent us an Easter gift package, and inside there were a few gifts, including several boxes of Girl Scout Cookies.  Going through the box we realized that one of the boxes was open.  Chuckling to myself, as my mom loves to pack gifts inside unexpected boxes, I open it and..its an open package of Tagalongs, with several cookies missing.  Cracking up and assuming another family member must have munched on them, I eat one and put it aside.  Now I've come to find out that my parents had no idea the box was open and no one has fessed up.  We're not kids anymore, so this is the kind of thing that most of us would own up to with great bravado.    The box was packaged by my mom, and I find it unlikely that a UPS employee would open the box just to eat a few cookies.  I also think it unlikely that a Girl Scout would accidentally sell an opened box, but its possible!  My mom of course thinks I should toss them.  That sounds like a waste of cookies to me, and I've already had one besides.  What would you do?  And where do you think the cookies went?  Keep in mind not these are Little Brownie Bakers and not the locally sold and quite inferior ABC Bakers."	cc
"I have a crooked tooth The tooth next to my two front teeth on the upper right side is at the same angle than my two front teeth when in should be more angled towards the back. This leaves a gap between it and the tooth behind it that I can fit my tongue in.  Honestly, I like it. My teeth are otherwise fine apart from the same tooth being slightly in front of my front teeth on the other side. In my country having a few teeth a bit crooked is generally considered attractive or in the least not unattractive. It's seen as vain to get teeth straightened unless they really are fucked up.  Edit: fir"	cc
"Today, I (19M) decided to take a huge step in the right direction and saw a psychologist for the first time! It's been years of what looks to be depression. I'm happy that i've made the decision to do something about it and my first appointment went great! I can't wait to better myself."	cc
"I just broke down in tears in front of my family and it’s made it worse. Dad sat there and belittled me until I cried, and cried, and asked him to stop. I asked him why he would want to make me like this. He says it’s not his fault and the fact that I’m crying just proves that I’m a weak shit. I suppose he is right?"	sw
"What would be a great first car for a first-time car buyer? Whether it's a Toyota, Honda, or Jeep, what would be a great first car, whether used or brand spanking new (which, from what I hear is generally not recommended) for someone who's never bought a car before and how would you pitch this car to them?"	cc
How young were you when you first attempted? I was probably about about 10 or 11 when I first thought about how I was gonna kill myself. When did you first try?	sw
"what's the point of living with mental illness as severe as bpd? shit like this doesn't ever leave, it's constant mental anguish, anger and sadness boils in me every single second of the day. how can i even begin to imagine a lifetime of this shit? i have serious doubts anyone ever makes it through or recovers from this cancer. i absolutely hate my life "	sw
About to do it I'm done with my life. I pretty much cemented my failure at University this semester by getting C's and Ds once again. I'll probably be kicked out and I'll be stuck at home with no money and no degree. This is my second year and I'm on probation already with 1.94 gpa. I'll never see my friends again either since I don't have any back home and I go to school in a different state. I feel so guilty because my parents are paying for college and I failed them. Give me one reason I shouldn't jump off a building right now.	sw
"Does anyone else miss working physically? I used to work in the warehouse of a big grocery store, taking care of bottles and crates mostly, when I was still in high school. Now I am working in an office and I have to say I miss the old job a bit. Of course the pay is better now, but I miss not having to think too much all the time and not having to worry about how my projects will go.  Anybody else having the same experience? Missing jobs that required less mental but more physical work?"	cc
"Redditors who “found the one/their soulmate”, how did you find them? I am starting to think that there is no such thing as “the one.” But I’m always a sucker for stories where people do find the partner that suits and compliments them in a way that I never can hope to have.    Pretty please share your stories. And also, how things are going for you and your partner?   :)"	cc
"Please help me. I have so many things wrong with me. Anorexia, dyslexia, major depression and more. Every single day I cut because I need relief. It’s not school related it’s my family. They treat me like such shit and it’s awful. My mother just cares about me staying thin and healthy and making sure I eat nothing unhealthy. I’m in the hospital right now because I cut into a nerve in my arm and I might never be able to use my arm again. I’m just balling my eyes out and realising what I’ve done to myself. I think of suicide so much but I’m always too afraid that I won’t be successful and I’ll end up in a hospital forever."	sw
"For some reason, I don't remember people's faces. I feel so strange that I can't remember people's faces, and this is targeted towards one girl only. I can remember other people's faces even if I met them once.   I met this girl 2-3 weeks ago, but I know her from the past 3 months. I kind of like her, so we text each other almost every alternate day. But somehow I don't remember her face. I literally have to try to think harder to her face pop up in my mind. It's so hard and I feel really helpless.   She isn't even on any social media for starters. I have 2 photos of her, but she looks different in the pic, so it ain't helping much.   Am i the only one or this happens with everybody often?"	cc
"Who needs friends anyway Well today I just lost all of my friends but one, because they're a bunch of circle-jerk  hypocrites. Shit went downhill after New Years Eve, two of my mates got drunk, one of which had alcohol poisoning. I helped one to his bed and checked on him frequently to make sure he didn't choke or anything, the other I helped for several hours making sure he didn't die or shit idk. First time this happened and I helped both of them.  From there on they hardly talked to me. No one ever asked how I was when I asked the question. Everyone stopped caring. A part of me wishes I never helped them and left them to fate.  One kept argoing me for no reason and the guy who constantly calls people a pussy or a cuck straight up tells me off for fuck all reason then blocks me. Dude contradicts himself all the time. Second 'friend' just sucks his dick off and follows his lead without even asking me what happened. Third kept sharing our dms with both of them.  The worst part about it was that we had this idea that we'd all live together in a big house with heaps of shit. Oh well, that's not happening any more.  I don't think I even have the capacity to have friends or make friends any more. It just keeps leading to heartache and bullshit.  I'm not sure how to feel :|"	sw
thanks to my little brother I'm still alive i love you buddy and i don't want to let you ruin your life as much as I did	sw
"It all amounts to nothing My attempts at improving my self esteem; my attempts at making my life better for myself. My attempts at seeking help, and reaching out to friends, and learning to become more honest. My attempts at productivity and my attempts at planning a future.   It always turns out the same way. No matter what I do—the steps I take—I end up in a place where I believe it wasn’t worth it.   Because I’m not worth it.   I’ve said it for years, I’ve known it for as long as I can remember—I’m not worth the energy, or the time, or the commitment. In the end, I’m just a rotting corpse headed for nowhere.   I’m always trying to become something more. Hell, sometimes I feel like so much more. Recently, I’ve felt alive again  But then I remember that nothings changed underneath the surface. I’m still hopeless, and struggling, and I don’t see how I’ll ever be more than my suffering. So because of that, I’m just not worth people’s time.   I feel like the people who love me deserve better. I feel like they’re wasting they’re precious time. I shouldn’t be doing that to them.   I need to go"	sw
"I'm afraid I'm going to kill myself soon. It's not something I truly want to do, but it seems like my only option. Here's some context as to who I am so you can truly see how pathetic my existence is and how desperately I want to be free of it.  I'm 24, female, never had a *real* job, don't have my license, have never had an actual relationship, don't have a single friend outside of family, live at home with my emotionally abusive mother and younger brother, am disgustingly unattractive and over-weight, have no interest in the things I used to hold dear, I lock myself in my room all day only leaving to eat or use the restroom. I'm not working. I'm not studying. I'm not living. All of this because of my crippling anxiety and depression. I'm too scared to work, I'm too scared to get my license even though I *can* drive, I'm too scared to form meaningful relationships with anyone; irl or otherwise, I'm too scared to stick up for myself in the face of my family, I don't see the point in forcing myself to workout or pushing myself to partake in the hobbies I used to enjoy, there's no reason for me to leave my room as there's nothing for me outside these four walls.  I'm too afraid to live, and that's why I think I'm going to kill myself soon. These issues have plague me for years, even before I graduated high school, but they've gotten progressively worse these past few weeks. All I can think about is killing myself. Everyday, from the moment I wake up, to the moment I go to sleep, I fantasize about taking my own life. Overdosing on my anti-depressants and Benadryl then topping it off with a bag over my head. Slicing my forearms and climbing into a hot bath. Laying my head on the train tracks. Every. Day.   My years of therapy haven't helped. My years of medication haven't helped. My stent in a crisis center hasn't helped.   I don't see any other option. "	sw
"The silver lining I've been suicidal since my teen years. I recently turned 27. I still don't feel better about life, the universe or anything. However, I've used my suicidal thoughts and depression as a way to not feel anxious about taking risks or trying new things. This is a realisation I came to last year and it has helped me a lot.  My reasoning is that if the results of my actions are bad enough, then I could always just kill myself. It's a safety net, basically.  Maybe this can help others as well. Just know that you don't have to give up and die, you can let suicidal thoughts work for you and at least stand a chance of feeling a little bit better during the darker days, by knowing that you always have a way out. So please get out there and live a little. It has kept me alive for over a decade."	sw
"Stuck in Canada and I didn't even bring snacks. So I drive a semi truck. I'm at my delivery, its been almost 2 hours and they havent even started unloading me.   I'm not even mad. I'm happy to sit and wait. However all I've had was coffee this morning and now I'm hungry.   Anyone wanna talk about something random? "	cc
"Recording a podcast with Eoin Galavan, a PhD in Clinical Psychology who specializes in suicidal & self-harm intervention therapy. What questions would you like me to ask him? "	sw
"I wanna learn something new. Not like an instrument, or a new hobby, rather something I could learn with a pen, notebook and access to the internet. Something I can research and explore.   Something I could really become an expert on and get stuck into if I commit the time.   What do you think; any recommendations? "	cc
"Does anyone else enjoy trying to make someone else's day better? After one of the longest and most frustrating mornings, I went to Costco to buy some dog food. As I was about to walk away, this little girl was sitting in the shopping cart trying to eat her sample of jelly beans and a he drops the whole cup. Her mom starts yelling at her since she predicted it was going to happen. I ran over to  the jelly bean samples and grabbed one to give to the little girl. The mom thanked me and I walked away hearing the little girl scream ""Thank you!"" Even when I am not having one of the best days, it really cheers me up to see someone else smile.  "	cc
"Is Reddit okay? Comments don't show up sometimes and posts don't show up in my private subs even...is this happening to everyone? I am confused and shocked and freaking out a little because I made other private subs and I can only see them in my actual profile, and there are other threads where comments, all comments, are not showing up..."	cc
I finally confirmed today I am completely amd utterly alone. To make a long story short no one gives a shit about my existence and only ever used me for their own gain and now i cant stop from getting vengeance and ending mt suffering in a 2 birds one stone scenario. 	sw
"What is a good name for a subreddit that can have both confessions and rants that is not already being used? I want to make a subreddit where people can confess and rant. I just don’t know what to name it. The reason for this is because I want to use a rule in it that may be controversial, but does follow Reddit’s rules. (I won’t be mentioning the rule for now because I want this post to be a focus on what a good name is, not on what people’s opinion on the rule is).   Thank you in advance. "	cc
"Today is my birthday and i cried I wrote this originally as about 8 paragraphs but i'm gonna scrap all that now and re-write this.  I turned 16 today and after my mum insulting me a few days back on me being completely alone and having no one to celebrate today with I was so determined to shut out the loneliness of my life and celebrate today with even one person.  Not a single person wanted to do things with me today. Not even meet me for food for an hour. Not even my dad knew it was my birthday today, he didn't even call me. My mum went to work so I spent the day alone and I cried. Last year I had a small party on the rooftop of a carpark, I was having the time of my life. Today after I cleaned my room and had a shower I just sat on my bed and looked at the mirror and I just cried.  It felt like I was looking at another person and I just felt sorry for the boy in the mirror. after the sudden realisation it was me I just cried. I cries at how many suicidal thoughts Ive had this year alone and how fucked up my life has become. I wanted just one person in my life today, And god just didn't send me anything. I got money from my mum today but thats it, she was still arguing with me almost for a week now.  I can't live like this anymore my life from as far as i can remember back, is filled absolutely to the brim with dead ends and disappointments. Im not normal and never will be. Everyone gets to come home to a great family and all that while I dont even want to come home.   I have about 5 years left to live anyways so i might as well kill myself to avoid living a short life of darkness."	sw
"Feeling a bit discouraged about my art Hi, I know this is just adding to the pile of not so light hearted posts, but I really want to get it off my chest. Just feeling kind of down about my art because I want to share it with the world but I feel like no one on social media has the time of day. I know I’m not owed anything, but I don’t know how else to show my art   Any artists out there feeling the same? Anyone able to get past this? I’d love to look at your art and critique if you want :) "	cc
"Reasons to live, and love? Not sure if this is the right place for this, but yah. What happens to unrequited love when the recipient basically doesn't exist anymore??   My best friend and Only reason for not killing myself for a long while left because my problems were getting too much for her (being suicidal and my love for her) I don't blame her but yah.  She doesn't live near me and I'm blocked everywhere online, so besides a Few pics I have of her, she literally doesn't exist anywhere else.  It's very difficult to move on considering the mention of love and romance and anything of the sort is Constant in songs and everything else pretty much.  I have no clue how she's doing in her life, of course I'd love for her to be happy but I can only wish for that.  What happens to the strong love if that person just disappears from my life?  I'm 18 and I still don't have a reason for living, plus I have a lot of other problems, that I don't see as problems cuz I'm indifferent.  Dad had ALS and was given till Christmas to live and it was very drawn out and he passed a 2 weeks ago, college drop out cuz I stopped caring, and Literally no friends except for older coworkers and I don't see any other people all day every day besides my mom.  I am Honestly fine with my dad's death and that, surprisingly, is the last thing on my mind.   My life is really shitty right now but I'm fine.  I play games all day, apply to other part time jobs besides papa johns, and nothing else.  I'm totally fine with that but I can't get over Her.  And I don't have a reason for living, games just make it tolerable and me living gives no promise of ""things getting better.""  I'm not really suicidal right now but I wouldn't mind dying.  But that eliminates the Tiniest possibility of ever seeing her again.    The hurting loved ones by killing myself isnt an issue.  I'm not thinking irrationally, and I don't need to be talked down.  I've gone to a mental hospital on my own volition with no success of finding answers of ""why continue living,"" etc.  I've been depressed for many years.  I've been significantly suicidal since the summer in terms of thinking about ""reasons to live"" daily.  So this isn't something new.  This got longer than I expected but any advice would be appreciated.  I'm more or less looking for a whole hearted conversation elsewhere so yah.  Thanks "	sw
İs cutting myself to the death would be so painfull if i cut my stomach too? 	sw
Anyone else feeling a bit lonely right now? Maybe just in a bit of a slump right now. Tried to get on Omegle for a bit of conversation but nobody wants to talk if you're a guy smh.   So how're you fellas doing tonight?	cc
Has anyone played the last gaurdian It took me a LONG time to get into it (that's why I'm writing about it now) but when I did I couldn't put my controller down it had such a great storie and friendship between trico and the boy and the ending was great the flashbacks were great I would put it as my second favorite game behind dark souls/ blood borne 	cc
"My life doesn’t feel like it’s going anywhere I was sexually assaulted and I don’t know how to deal with it. I’m a senior in hs and i haven’t heard back from the program I really want. All my friends are moving forward and making uni plans and I feel like I’m getting left behind. My marks are dropping, I’m soooo depressed I don’t wanna get out of bed, and it feels like no one sees me suffering. I barely see my mom anymore( she leaves before I wake up) and my sister’s never home. Everyone around me is walking past me and I don’t know how to reach out to them. I just feel like a giant burden that brings people down if I don’t act like I’m okay but if I act like I’m okay it hurts more. "	sw
"Weird friends Just wanted to put this out there. My sister goes to an engineering college and she hasn't made a lot of female friends there. Tonight they held a farewell for their seniors and after the farewell, some of her friends needed a place to crash. Too late to head back to the hostels. So she phoned me up and told me that five of her friends would be coming over to spend the night. She's never mentioned any of these girls to me so I guess they're not really close. I prepare my sister's room for three of them, figure the remaining two + my sister can sleep out in the living room. My room is tiny and only has a single so my sister can't sleep in there with me.   Thing is, my sister's room has air conditioning. The moment my sister + girls arrive, I realise this is going to be a problem. Everyone wants to sleep in the room with the air conditioning. So much so that all five girls squeeze themselves onto the Queen bed in my sister's room. And leave my sister to sleep alone in the living room.   Man, I've never been more annoyed at a bunch of strangers in my life. I spent the last hour chilling with my sister and making sure she wasn't too upset about how shitty this bunch of females turned out to be. Definitely not having any of them over again, fuck that. "	cc
1 reason not to jump That’s it. Anyone got anything?	sw
"Loneliness and Frustration Im in a situation right now where im seeing a girl who is not quite ready for a relaitonship and wants to see how it goes before we do anything as she has just recently left one (partly my fault). Shes kind of my escape for everything getting hectic right now and im not entirely attached but im worried if our relaitonship doesnt evolve im just gonna be back to constant self hate and not feeling confident enough to have a relaitonship. Most of my worry comes from what feels like most people having a lack of care or interest in me, i just feel like someone who doesnt really exist."	sw
"I don't like my voice I'm a 23 YO guy and I recently watched a video of me on a story which I thought was pretty dope, till I watched it. My voice, which was suppose to be covering the celebration sounded really feminine. I don't discriminate but I hoped that my voice would have been more deep and resonant. I wish I had a great voice which I could be proud of. "	cc
Hello Strangers and Friends! Could use some ideas to pass time... I have about 4 hours to kill before my flight here at Stockholm's airport. It isn't too large and I could use some idea as to what to do! That or just any old casual conversation here. Help me pass the time please!	cc
"Not acutely suicidal, but noncommittal and detached about living or dying. I'm 25/male. This is a bit of a ramble so apologies in advanced.   I've attempted several times, especially during my first and only semester at university. Since my early 20's though I've just been 'meh', Taking a detached feeling towards life.   I've never held a steady job, I'm legally unable to drive due to vision issues. I have many 'minor' disabilities, and I'm very overweight, I can't recall ever being at a normal weight at any age.   I guess part of my problem is that I judge myself before I let others judge me. I've always felt self conscious since I was in elementary school, that I have this awkward aura, or that people tend to overestimate my disabilities. I've always hated thinking of myself as 'disabled' since I'm not that disabled. The resources I'm eligible for should go to someone that needs it more.  Another thing I'm self conscious of as of late is how much I might be like my father (In prison since I was 8 for violent crimes I won't go into,) especially as my temper seems to be getting shorter the more I realize just how much of a general failure I am. I didn't have the best start, and I've made some shit decisions. I was a horrible person when I was a teenager.  Often I'm asking myself if I'm a decent person that's made mistakes, or if I'm a sociopath with a conscience, or something resembling a conscience.   I don't see the selfishness argument as one that often works, but I feel like I'm just here until my family ties all but disappear. I have a hard time seeing myself marrying or starting a family, let alone reaching old age.   Part of me just wants to go several thousand miles from here and do something new, though lack of driving ability, a degree in which to secure job opportunities abroad, and being broke in general seems to put a grinding halt on that.   So I'm at a point where there's nothing really stopping me from suicide except for the idea of who it effects. I've got my whole life to make it as 'clean' as possible. "	sw
"Which TV show(s) raised you and how do you think they influenced you? For me it was Star Trek: The Next Generation. I think it ignited my need to discover, curiosity, and flare for science/engineering. I remember crying during the last episodes, ""All Good Things..."" Also, Picard, Q, and Data are like... my literal heroes. They were all that got me through some of the hardest moments of my life, and there have been plenty.  Meeting them is top of the ol' bucket list. Obviously it made me a huge nerdy thing, too.   Who else was raised mostly by TV? Or routinely used TV to escape their hellish lives? What show(s)? How did it effect you?   Let's get crackin, y'all! :) "	cc
"I don't want to live without her Ex gf of 2.5 years and I broke up 2 months ago. People keep saying time heals all wounds but it just feels like it's getting harder and harder. I think about killing myself everyday and the only reason I haven't yet is my mom. I know it's incredibly selfish but I don't know how much longer I can keep living like this. I know it sounds dumb since everyone is saying it's just a girl but I honestly think she's my soul mate. We were so happy and we had the best times together but now life just feels pointless. I gave up everything to be with her and now I'm just left with my family who I was really excited to move away from to be with her. It's all my fault we broke up and I feel so guilty, ashamed and just broken and hopeless. If anyone can help or feels similar please help me out here. I don't really want to do it but some days the urge is so strong and I'm scared it might become too much to bear in the future.."	sw
"I'm not particularly good at anything and feel like I should kill myself I've struggled with suicide ideation for several years and sometimes would come close but never actually go through with it. I think about it almost constantly though. One of the driving factors is that while my best skill is art, I'm still not particularly good at it and have no skills in anything else. Failing at that would leave no other career options for me and I'd be basically proving to my family and friends who already have no faith in my choice that they were right all along and I'm a failure.  I really feel like nobody would miss me all that much if I were gone. I study animation (which I wholly regret) and none of my peers like me at all. I live in California and when the wildfires were going on, I was in class and received an alert that one had happened close to my home. I panicked a little and said aloud I might need to stay at a friend's place if something happened, and a fairly popular classmate who'd overheard my situation completely didn't care and told me not to call ahead be rude and imposing on someone else. In the same breath he'd called me wasteful for not finishing my snack. It seems like such a small thing to be fixated on but I feel like my other classmates feel the same way about me. Even my own friends don't really care about my work—they've promoted and commission other friends but just kind of ignore mine and one even admitted she never thought very highly of it. I've abandoned a friend group recently because I found out several guys in that group were stalking and sexually harassing another close friend of mine and nobody else wanted to speak up against it. As a result I don't really have a university life outside of my school or boyfriend anymore and I feel like a loser.  I feel like I'm just such a fundamentally unlikeable and untalented person and with nothing positive to offer the world and there's really nothing left for me and people would move on quickly if I were gone. "	sw
How do I get rid of a sunburn? So I was out on a boat all day today and have a horrible sunburn on my legs. I have been applying lots of Aloe Vera but I still will have a horrible tan line. So if any of you guys knew of any way to get rid of a sunburn quickly please share! Thanks :)	cc
Started writing my letter. Hopefully I'll be gone peacefully tomorrow. I can't believe I'm going to die today when I had such high hopes for life. My heart is completely broken. 	sw
Decision time It's gonna snow here on friday. It's gonna be cold. Contemplating about taking sleeping pills and alcohol. Travel deep into the woods while I play some atmosphereic black metal. If that doesn't work than I'm sure hypothermia will get the best of me. Life is...nicht gut.	sw
"Does anyone else feel selfish? I have a nice family (except my father, he is abusive), and go to an okay school. My family isn't the richest but they earn enough to put food on my plate and send me to school... but I'm a failure in school and other things also going on, which makes me depressed. But the thing is, it makes me feel selfish (which pushes me further to die), anyone else feel this way?"	sw
"There's nothing to fight for You should help the people who are at a dangerous level. I am at a mild level. But if you want to hear what I want to say. I'd rather do it over PMs. If that's not your thing, I understand and let this thread die."	sw
😞😞😞 Anyone know how to stop feeling numb?	sw
"I want to do it but I’m scared of what happens next. I’ve lost all hope, I’ve always been a fuck up. I have no one and literally this is the only place where I can vent to without judgement I hope. Basically everyone I’ve ever talked to or known as a “close friend” has always betrayed me, left me for someone better, the 100th choice, my family house hold has so many problems to the point of me not wanting to be there anymore. So much danger and hostility to me. There’s a lot of physical and emotional hostility to me. I’m tired of feeling this way. People are like “oh I’ll never leave you.” Then they leave me very soon after. So yea I’m alone. I don’t really know how to do anything. People always bully me, and I don’t want to speak up in fear of being labeled a pussy by everyone else. I don’t trust anyone anymore. I’m sorry that my problems probably seem very baby to you but to me they are destroying my sanity. I don’t want to kill myself because I’m too scared of what the afterlife is like. Maybe it’s better or maybe it’s 100x worse. Why do I have so much bad Karma. I always try to be nice to others and they all treat me like dirt. People say it gets better but for about 10 years (I’m 20) it’s been all bad. I’ve had dips of good things happening also but the bad significantly outweighs the good things. How do I make all of those go away. Thank you for letting me vent here. "	sw
I might have the courage finally My medicine doesn’t work anymore and I’m tired of feeling like I’m nothing  so today I might just decide to finally rest forever  Fuck these 18 years of my empty life 	sw
"So broke id rather not be around to see myself struggle I know its cliche but when it comes to bills and money sometimes i feel like i would rather die than struggle the rest of my life. I feel like i never knew the value of a dollar until i was deep in debt. My job runs me ragged and my body is breaking down. Im suppose to be the positive one but I keep thinking ""wouldn't it just be great if i was hit by a car right now?""   How am I suppose to stay happy when im living in the red and i cant get ahead?"	sw
"The word ""Hero"" (Not the Sandwich) Is it just me, or is the word ""Hero"" used far too much, such that it becomes 'watered down?' Don't get me wrong, I'm not anti-military, but it's an over-used word for something that should be special.   Let's look at Forrest Gump, Lt Dan & Bubba. Bubba was killed, Lt Dan was majorly injured, and Forrest was not. In the Media today, Lt. Dan would be the 'Hero', because he's an amputee. By definition #1, Forrest is the Hero.   1. A person noted for courageous acts or nobility of character  2. A person who, in the opinion of others, has special achievements, abilities, or personal qualities and is regarded as a role model or ideal  3. the principal male character in a story, play, film, etc.  4. Classical Mythology. a being of godlike prowess and beneficence who often came to be honored as a divinity. (in the Homeric period) a warrior-chieftain of special strength, courage, or ability. (in later antiquity) an immortal being; demigod.  ~~5. hero sandwich.~~  ~~6. the bread or roll used in making a hero sandwich.~~"	cc
"You have the steps for grief, you have the steps of recovery, what are the steps for suicide? Wondering where I am on the steps. "	sw
"I wrote this and it feels okay to go now Title: Gentle poppies   “Scarlet red, the field of the dying and the dead You said you’re my always, so I followed and you led.   I said I would never hurt you, and instead I gave you dirt. Some for me, some for the poppy seeds.   Dark skies like dark eyes, there’s no sleep when you’re among the scarlet red.”   I want to say goodbye now.   Edit: more material   Title: I Know  I hope it’s warm where I go I hope people are friendly I hope they forget about me quickly  I hope they find the happiness I couldn’t  I hope they remember the good in me I hope they remember that the end is okay I hope they realize this made me happy I hope it doesn’t hurt but then again I hope it does I hope it’s comfortable I hope I make a lot of friends I hope I can finally be okay again I hope it’s the end of this and the beginning of something better I hope it’s not so bad for you I hope you are doing good my friend I hope all is well I hope someone can learn from this I hope it doesn’t seem so senseless I hope I left strength for someone I hope I have nothing left I hope you will forgive me I hope the hurt won’t last I hope you find your smile again I hope that it’s not in the past I hope you remember how much I love you I hope you never forget our past  I hope for all of these things and expect none of them to last"	sw
I've missed you guys I've been on reddit a lot but recently but I haven't been checking in here. (I'm not cheating on you guys I promise)   How is everyone!? Any upcoming events to be excited for? Any long term plans? Realistically I'm just bored so I'd love to grab hold of anything on all of your minds.  I'm going to Europe this summer and I'm super excited. It will be my first time out of the country. I am currently playing a game called The Witness. It's the free game of the month for xbox and it's super pretty.    	cc
"Chance the Rapper, Ruth B and more I wrote lyrics to a song involving Chance the Rapper and a bunch of other talent musicians cause I felt like there was a message/theme they could all express well. It’s okay to let go and dream about another place. To live through movies and shows and art when the stuff you are handling is tough. We all get through it but it’s not a clean cut process like we all hoped it be. Obstacles come in our path. It’s Life. I taken from songs like Peter’s Note and Grown up Fairy Tales” I have no musical background. It really isn’t anything, but I had fun with the small idea"	cc
"What should I make for dinner? Bored of my usual fare. Consider myself to be a pretty decent cook, but just looking for new ideas. Gimme something special or even your usual go to's, as they may be different from my own"	cc
I am not sure how much longer i can cope for. The voice telling me to end everything is getting deafeningly loud. Please excuse the word rubbish that will follow here. I cant think straight really. I guess I should give context but I dont know. I really think I want to die but I cant tell if i do or not. I am under so much stress.... My Mum died last year. I really miss her and want to be with her.  I have just had to move out of my home because my siblings are selling it. I’ve moved into a house share but all i want to do is go home. And i can never go home again now.  Things are not going well at my new job and my depression is getting in the way of me being able to do my job properly.  My boyfriend is potentially about to have another manic breakdown. He said he was feeling really manic today. I don’t think i could cope with him going into hospital again.  And my friend who is back visiting said he’d call to see me at 7pm. Its 8.30 pm now and so I guess i am not worth seeing.  I feel like I have been sitting on my hands all week. I just want to make it all stop now. Everything feels awful. I miss my mum so much and I can’t cope without her. I don’t feel like I can tell my family that I am not coping.  The suicidal thoughts are so so so loud in my head and they are there all the time at the moment. I really really don’t know what to do. I just want to go home to my Mum and thats really not possible now.   I am just in so much pain and the temptation to hurt myself or end my life is really big. 	sw
What is “the incident” where you are or from? It always seems like there’s some crazy incident in everyone’s high school or home town that’s become a point of a bunch of gossip or even earned legendary status. I want to hear yours.   What crazy incident happened at your school or in your town that everyone gossiped about?	cc
"Funerals When Dad passed he already had a marker made for his grave. Made from wood. I want to honor him properly with a plaque.  When my mom passes, i dont think she (or my siblings, for that matter) will be able to afford her funeral. I'm also going to save money for her.  I'm also saving for my own. "	sw
"Shitty start to the day. On my way to work my check engine light comes on, so naturally I begin having anxiety about my car exploding(irrational I know, that’s where my kind immediately goes). Now I have to go all day at work until I can get somewhere to get the codes read. "	cc
"I miss having a close connection with my friends I hope you guys are all having awesome days! I'm just gonna rant here for a second okay?  I used to have a tight knit group of friends at my old community college. We would spend every day together and I remember looking forward to every day because of it. We just enjoyed being around each other and it made every day fun.  Last year I graduated. I transferred to a university in the same town, but I had one friend move to a different state. Another friend is moving to another state in a week, and after this quarter my closest friend will be most likely moving out of state as well. I don't get to see them very often as it is, and I miss these guys. We truly care about each other. I miss having that close connection.  Throughout the year I've realized that the friends i've made at my university is just no substitute for that. Since we all live in the same dorm there ends up being a lot of drama. Sure, I had drama in my last friend group, but it wasn't anything as common or petty as this. It's less of a ""I-want-to-hang-out-with-these-people"" type thing and more like a ""I-live-with-these-people-so-I-better-get-along-with-them"" thing. There's so much talk that I feel like if I make one wrong move or say something weird they're going to find me annoying and not want to talk to me. I understand that this in itself it incredibly petty and I realize that these people just make me self-conscious.  It's spring break now, and I'm thinking I'm just going to have to distance myself from all of my friends this quarter. We'll all be moving out soon anyways, so I might as well get used to spending less time with them. I was hoping to find a roommate for next year, but it might just be best that I go out on my own. Plus I'm taking harder classes, and it would probably be beneficial for me to focus on my studies.   Anyways thanks for letting me rant. Let me know if you've had any similar experiences, or any advice, or telling me im being overdramatic or something.  "	cc
"If I don't want kids, what's the point in living? I almost went through with it last night.  I spent the whole day crying and trying to reach out to the few people who havn't cut me out of their lives yet.  I just wanted to go buy some rope.  I almost did.  I got to the hardware store and sat in my car, worried that they'd put it together - a sobbing pathetic man buying one thing, rope.  lol.  Hilarious.      After 8 years of being single and chronic depression, I finally was able to work on myself enough to be attractive to someone.  I met a really wonderful woman and we really hit it off.  It was great.   But I fucked it up.  Of course I would fuck it up.  It's me, afterall.  Now she isn't responding to me, and I look like a desperate fool.  As soon as she was able to get to know me, I scared her away, just by being myself.     I am never trusting anything a woman says to me again.  If they say it's alright to express yourself and to talk about things, it's a lie.  It's a goddamn lie.  You gotta keep up appearances, you gotta be the provider, the alpha, the emotionally stable rock, at all times... even if you've been married for 20 years.  If you give up that facade, it's gone, she'll break up with you, divorce you, whatever the situation may be it's gone, it's over.   It really seemed real this time.     Whoever's controlling me in this simulation can fuck right off.  You suck at this game, dude.  Fuck you.  "	sw
Fuck It I’m done. Nothing’s stopping me now. By 12:00PM I will either be laying in different pieces on the ground or be in a psych ward. I’ll give an update if I fail. If not...  Oh well. Fuck it.  Edit: I am not dead.	sw
"Fuckin I dunno I seriously hate my life. More specifically myself. I've fucked it up for myself. I'm getting older now and it's only going to get harder to change certain things from my childhood that has detrimentally affected me as an adult.  I've already tried to kill myself. That left with me scarring. Now I have even less self confidence than I ever had.  I'm a burden on society. I'm useless. I'm fucked.  I would at one point considered myself semi good looking now I look like utter shit. And I hate myself for it. Everyone is getting on with there lives and I'm to afraid too. I'm trying to change certain things about me before taking that risk.  It's all well and easy to say ""take that risk now, grab life by the balls"" but completely different when it's in real life and not behind a keyboard.  I don't make sense. So fuck this.  I'm actually such a horrible person I deserve every bad thing coming my way. I deserve to live the life I'm living right now. I've done it to myself.  If only people knew how fucking insane I am. How illogical my thoughts are. How debilitating my anxiety can be.  I'm sick of being an asshole and sure others around me are too.  I'm a useless fuck who is unlovable.  God I wish I could turn back time. Do shit differently. Not living so isolated now.  Also, I fucking hate when people call me up and act all weird because I have ANXIETY. I can't FUCKING HELP it. Especially family. Why are you throwing me a pity party right now? Why are you being so fucking annoying?  I wish everyone would fuck off out of my life. I'm sick of everyone and everything. You don't fucking understand me. Stop making me feel uncomfortable. You're only making yourself uncomfortable too, right? Why bother with me? I won't bother with you. Just let me BE.  I'm rambling now and this is a shit storm to read. I don't know why you did, if you did."	sw
"Suicidal - relationship breakdown I guess this is a scream for help.  My partner/ex-partner is asleep in bed next to me. 4 weeks ago, she told me she wants to leave me. We live together and there's been no arguments, cheating, abuse, anything like that.  She says she loves me but just isn't in love with me anymore. That her schedule (an insanely intensive postgraduate programme that regularly sees her busy 0800-220 or six days a week) has left her not having the headspace for anything else. I admittedly overcompensated for the feeling of distance this term and have got too clingy and anxious about wanting attention and time from her.  We've been talking around and around for a month. We had a week apart and she's abroad for 2 months solid on her programme at the end of this coming week. When she returns, she wants to move out. We live in an expensive city. I will lose her and my home that we worked so hard to build. I would be reduced to living with total strangers in rooms I can barely afford again. Back to square one.  But the real point is losing her. I don't care that it's a cliché. She is everything to me and I cannot ever replace her. I intend to kill myself if she still doesn't want me after having those two months away.   I have calculated everything I would need to do it, and intend to use 3 methods at once to ensure success. I've written a will, advance decision (but I need to figure out someone to witness the signing that won't give it away) and letters to everyone but her - I'll get to that last.   I'll be dead in our garage with instructions on our bed for her to call emergency services to collect me but not go in and not touch anything but her letter so as to not get her DNA on anything.  I don't know if I'm asking for anything. I don't want to die but living without her is more than I choose to so.  I'm already seeing a counsellor but that doesn't solve the actual problem. I guess, does anyone want to tell me anything or ask me anything? "	sw
"Not gonna kms but wouldn’t mind death rn this past year in its entirety has been a night mare for me. my birthday is next week and i want to completely forget about it, my age is my biggest insecurity because i feel that i have accomplished nothing going on my last year as a teenager... everyone around me has their life complete and i’m struggling to get by everyday with a smile on my face. life fuckin’ sucks"	sw
What are you doing? What's new? I want someone to talk to because I wanna make this weekend productive and I would love to meet new people! I would love to talk to anyone about anything.	cc
"Fuck it I thought I had come so far, but the nightmares, the people around me constantly reminding me how I'm bad, stress from work.. I'm having suicidal thoughts"	sw
"I dont see the point in living. I feel like no one likes me, I just want to die. I say that a lot but no one notices..or just doesn't care. Everything is falling apart, I just don't feel anything. Everyone thinks I'm so happy, imagine if they had an assembly at school tomorrow saying I had killed myself? Nothing would change, no one would care. I'm scared to talk to someone, they would think I'm just saying it. I want to just be done with it, there's no point. I don't know who I am anymore. I don't know who my real friends are, I don't know what I want in live anymore. I feel so lonely, I'm in my room crying my eyes out..I'm sure they can hear me, they just choose to ignore me. My silence is treated like rudeness. I am sick of life, no one would care. People would be happy, one less annoying, useless person in the world. I know I'm only 15 but there is no point..just get it over and done with you know. I have no parents, or family apart from my disabled  brothers and , my uncle who hates me, my dog got rehomed, someone I consider to be a grandfather has terminal cancer and I'm sure he's wife isn't far behind,people at school hate me, the one place I felt like I was happy is changing and my ""friend"" is becoming close with everyone there and spreading rumours. I just want to die. I'm so tired, I just want to leave this earth for good. "	sw
How can you make lots of money easily? So basically I have a lot of free time and my friend and I need to make some money. We both work Monday to Friday. I have googled this obviously but it all things like Write a book or be a model and neither of those are really an option for me! What things actually work	cc
Any one here who wants to talk about/discuss music? I want to know what music you like and why? What does music mean to you? What do you think of the music scene now compared to the 70's for example? 	cc
"I want to just drop everything, pack my bags and go to Buenos Aires. Why Buenos Aires? I don't know. I have always had a fascination for South America and it's culture and it's beautiful people. Life is just so damn hectic and I want a fresh new start. I live in India, so the Americas is literally the opposite side of the world from me. I want to experience a whole new world, nothing that I am familiar with where nobody knows me and I'm a new face in an old land. I have a huge fascination for the Spanish language (although I have been too lazy / busy to learn it myself...).  But debts, family and responsibility has kept me shackled here. Someday I'll be free and maybe I'll take a one way ticket to Buenos Aires or Santiago or maybe somewhere up north like the USA / Canada. "	cc
"I'm on the brink and I don't know how to get out of it I'm so scared of myself right now, I'd hurt so many people if I killed myself, I have a loving, supportive family, but they don't know I'm like this. I'm sick to death of myself, and right now I feel as though I could finally do it.   Months ago I thought about how and where, all that's left is to have the courage to actually do it.   I know that I almost certainly won't, I'm not strong enough, too scared of hurting the people I love, I feel so selfish for even thinking about it when I have so much love in my life, I just don't feel like my being alive is benefiting anyone. "	sw
"Things to do before you go? I'm drawing up a comprehensive list of the minimum I need to do before taking permanent leave. It can be hypothetical, anecdotal- I don't really care. There are probably some logistics I'm not aware of myself, and I'd like the extra perspective. Much obliged."	sw
"I might kill my self today I’m 29 and almost 30. Got my heart broken by my ex-gf in 2011. She started dating an ex- friend of mine in 2012 (he knew how much I was hurting)....went to psych ward, changed careers, moved to a new city to study music. 2017, became depressed with self doubt in music, 2 of my roommates (my best friends at the time), abandoned me and moved out without telling me...leaving me the financial burden. When I asked for one more month’s rent, they lied to my school about not feeling safe around me and got me banned.  Now I’m back in my hometown with an eating disorder..i’m overweight...can’t train in jiujitsu anymore...not doing music...no career...no confidence...working just part time  and I find out this week that my ex-gf and that ex-friend have been married for a year. I can’t handle this pain anymore.   I don’t have the strength to endure it. I know I shouldn’t let them bother me...but the truth is they have both hurt me so bad that I’ve broken. The roommates just kicked me into smaller pieces. I thought I could grow and gain meaning from this...but I have nothing left in me to mend together."	sw
"update on my situation and me being a pile of shit My father decided to turn himself in for threathening to kill me (Wich happened 4 months ago) because he's fuckin insane, bootleg CPS should be coming in a few minutes"	sw
"I just realized how much of my life has been eaten up by online gaming. So I've spent 9998 hours on Runescape in the last 15+ years just on my 3 main accounts, not counting time on ""pures"" (alternate accounts for pvping). That's 416.6 days or an average of around 2 hours a day since I started playing.  That's not including the time I've spent on other major MMO titles when I took breaks from Runescape. I also played DAOC, EVE, Anarchy Online, and a few others more briefly.  Do I feel like it was a waste of time? Honestly not at all, a lot of people spend far more time watching television and there's at least some genuine cognitive benefits to my addiction. I do however recognize it's an addiction and probably occupies my thoughts more than it should."	cc
"Every time I read r/SW I realize I don't have anything positive to say This is very depressing, I struggle with a lot of the feelings people write about on here and I have actually been helped by reading posts many times....it's just lately I read all the posts on why should I live, or how life is pointless, etc.. and all I can do is agree."	sw
"Almost time I’ve been contemplating it for nearly 4 months now. I thought about overdosing on narcos mixed with alcohol for the drug-drug interaction, but from my research and lack of money, drug overdose isn’t very successful. I don’t have a gun, so that’s not an option. I didn’t think I had anything I could hang myself from until I discovered my coat rack in my closet can support my weight. I’m going to finally follow through with it today after I get some more liquid courage. I just felt like like telling someone because I’ve shut out all my friends and can’t talk to anyone"	sw
"I'm so lost in life I've got anxiety and I can't really feel my emotions, and I haven't got any friends. I've had a lot of bad shit happen to me. I just feel really lost. I wonder if you guys had any similar experiences and how you found yourselves?"	cc
i need someone to talk to im having a mental break down. ive been trying all morning to hang myself and i cant do it i keep chickening out or survival instinct kicks in please someone i cant call the suicide hotline theyre gonna call the police on me i dont want to go back to a psych ward 	sw
"Dramatic songs that starts off slow and then builds up to an emotional climax I'm really not sure if this topic is allowed in this sub but I'll post it anyway. I've been compiling a list full of songs as this and I've been looking to add them more as time goes by. Personally these type of songs, no matter what genre, are my favorites. Themes of songs are usually very emotional and are rather long, like 5-8 minutes. I'm looking for other songs like this that you may know of, preferably indie rock, but any genre are welcome. Examples of songs that I'm talking about are;  - [Spanish Sahara](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eYoINidnLRQ) by Foals; intensity of Greek myth and haunting of families and generations  - [Lifeforms](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TcR1ut6FKYc) by Daughter; thoughts of a pregnant woman including breakups, infidelity and abortion  - [Transatlanticsm](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-3b6hDCIeDk) by Death Cab for Cutie; about two lovers in a long distance relationship   - [Limousine](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2V6mUFUwBGc) by Brand New; true story of a young girl killed by drunk driving  - [Future](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4oScRBsOV6I) by Paramore; starts of with an acoustic guitar before transitioning to heavy metal-like guitar riffs and heavy drumming (mostly instrumental)  - [Wait](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lAwYodrBr2Q) by M83; about life in general  - [Black Flies](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5NPA__ra9uY) by Ben Howard; seperation of two best friends and moving on in life "	cc
"I hate being myself I THINK I can call myself a neet, 20-year old engineering student that goes to school without talking to anyone. I have had a group, which I devoted myself into. I poured and shared everything that I am to my friends, while getting away from others. I never had a group when I was younger, I only had the chance to be in one in my uni, I thought that they will be my friend forever, too cheesy for a guy I think.  Everything went wrong when I did a group project with some of my friends, I was harsh with them (since I am the most knowledgeable with the subject/matter), I have been too straightforward with their mistakes because I want them to learn. But they were telling those to our other friends without me knowing, just to feel like everyone was avoiding me day by day.  Now no one even wants to be my friend anymore, life is so unfair. I have been like this to them before but why now? I know that I have been wrong but why didn't they talk to me about the matter? Now their friends are also avoiding me, everyone is avoiding me.  I started to be a neet sort of, playing games and reading mangas. I envy the life of the characters of the manga that I have read, I feel like I will grow old without having anyone to be with. I feel like a background character, one that no one even notices even if I suddenly disappear.  I tried carbon monoxide, I just can't. My family is holding me back. It hurts to be hated, it hurts to be avoided. I want to have friends, I should have lived my life withouth knowing one, but I got the feeling of being loved and cared, now I can't deal with the thought of dying without anyone noticing.  *I apologize for any sort of bad grammar.  I always ask myself ""If I die, would I be given the chance to live again?"", I just can't anymore. I have wasted enough, killing my self would not matter.  Last note: Yeah, reading this stuff makes you think of how immature the root of this thing is. I don't have a problem with that, the thing that keeps pulling me down is why almost all people hated me for something I didn't do to them. I have been carrying this thing for months now, I can say that I'm barely making it everyday by going to school without being noticed."	sw
"I've isolated myself I've only got 4 close friends that I trust, and I've really isolated myself over the last 5-6 months. Well, one of these friends, my closest friend, I don't have to isolate myself, because she already does that, and she already knows everything about my dark side I try to hide from everyone, but that's a whole other story. Another of these friends we basically know that the other is severely depressed and suicidal without even talking about it, so there's nothing there. The other two are ""newer"" friends. They might have caught on that I'm severely depressed, but I have never talked to them about it. The problem I'm having (or at least the one I'm talking about here) is that I feel like I want to ask them for help, but I feel like doing that means I have to reveal things about myself I would rather not disclose (i.e me being severely suicidal and such). I can't rely on my closest friend for help because she's never around and whenever I ask for help she almost always is ""too busy"" or is too much of ""a mess"" to help me. I don't know how to ask for help, and it's getting even harder because exams start in two days. "	sw
"Some people have billions! How can you even comprehend that? Billions! Im looking at jobs £30k a year, hoping to get that and move out this shithole lil flat i been living in for 10 years. But like a billion.. they can just go to a bank, take that 30k and just blow it in a day. Like no problem.  Not hating on rich people i think its really great on them. Its more of a mind blowing thing than a jealousy thing for me.   So anyways what are your thoughts and opinions? How rich would you want to be? How much can you afford to blow in a day atm? "	cc
"Its so nice outside Its only like 45 here in Iowa but its not windy. I went outside for a bit this moring,and surprised by how nice it was for the temperature. What are you guys up to this morning?"	cc
"Lazy Monday cooking After a pretty relaxing Easter weekend, I'm taking some time today to get some cooking done. So far I've made mango jam, cream of asparagus soup, roasted red peppers, and roasted eggplant. I might turn the eggplant into baba ganoush later and the red peppers will appear in my meals this week.  I'm not much of a meal planner but I love to have home-made food in the fridge/freezer for later. What sorts of things do you like to cook ahead of time? What would you cook if you had more free time?"	cc
"The small pleasures in life I hope everyone is having a nice Monday.  I just wanted to share That I bought a comic for €2,50 to practice my Italian at a little kiosk that is in front of the piazza where my school is located.  As a lover of literate or comic books I'm really happy I bought this fumetto (Italian for comic).  Best wishes to everyone for this week. Xx"	cc
"Life insurance is keeping me alive, today. Suicidal thoughts are common in my head.  I’m sure that’s not “normal” per se, but it is normal for me.    My thoughts get bad at work?  I work graveyard audit.  The lack of sleep wears on me. I know I have “a lot to live for.”  But tonight,  it is realizing that I just got new life ins & it won’t pay if I let myself die.  "	sw
"Anyone (better if from Michigan) wants to be friends? Hey reddit! How are you all doing today? I’m 17/M, an Asian/American/Chilean international student from Chile going to MSU this August and I’m really exited to start this new chapter in my life. That being said I really don’t know anyone from the area so if you’re down to talking let’s do it! Send me a PM!  (Also, it also doesn’t matter where you are really from, if you feel like talking or being friends, don’t hesitate to contact me!)"	cc
"I'm furious I'm sick of this piece of shit life. Im tired of posting shit here and other places to try and vent. I want to legitimately slaughter many people and destroy everything. If it was within my power I'd instantly return this entire universe to the void. I'd rather be flogged by a thousand burning strands of barbed wire than continue to deal with life anymore. Every day I tell myself that next paycheck I'm buying a shotgun and a bottle of jack and fucking offing myself. I honestly want to cause as much suffering for everyone around me as possible when I go as well, since I spend countless hours making sure their lives are comfortable while I go mostly ignored. So rather than die naturally, I'm thinking in the coming weeks that I'm going to either going to wake my parents up in the middle of the night by blowing my brains out in the front driveway which has motion activated recording cameras, or I'm going to pull a fake or unloaded gun on a cop and let them shoot me to death. "	sw
"Cut myself I know this sounds cliche but I’m in love with this girl  But when I confessed my feelings she didn’t feel the same way and I have been in depression my entire life and I thought she could save me and I never felt this way about anyone in forever I’m 19 btw but I guess I’m always gonna be alone, and that’s why I cut myself because I feel so empty without her and I tried to distract myself for months but nothing works."	sw
"idk what to do anymore.. i really can't do it anymore. my life is going so downhill. like i literally wanna die all the time now. i have no friends, my family stresses me out so much. i just want to be happy. i want good grades, i want to be skinny, i want to have actual friends i can count on. i miss having people there for me. god it's getting so bad.. i never thought i would be back at this point."	sw
"I really truly do not feel like being alive is worth the pain I am in My life isnt anything. I love my friends and my family and I have a job and a dog but I am just in so much pain sometimes. No therapists have worked out, I cant find a psychiatrist that works with my work schedule. I am just in so much pain constantly. Its just not worth it. The happiness I feel always turns to a manic episode and then very quickly to a deep painful depression. I just want to stop the cycle and i cant.  I really just want to die. Im tired of doing this over and over constantly. The good is starting to not feel worth this horrible feeling. Im biologically not happy."	sw
"Why do some people joke about suicide? So there are a few people in some of my classes that do the strangest thing: they say things like 'If I have to do that, then I'll kill myself!""  or somerimes they say something like.. "" If we do that then I swear I'll kill myself!' I know they're joking, but I feel uncomfortable when they say something like that.  My parents often make jokes about suicide as well. This morning I asked my dad if he could help me with my homework but he said ""If you can't do that, just go and kill yourself!"" I know he's just joking. Should I laugh then? I'm just wondering if anybody has experienced people doing this, and why?"	sw
"Everything Feels Empty I want to get my story out there, so maybe this community is a good place to start…  I'm a 20 years old trans girl from Brazil. I've been suffering through depression and anxiety since I was a little kid, I've been told I was a mistake and worthless by my parents countless times even as a child… I had problems in school but instead of solving any of them my parents just beat me and threw me in a public school where I was beaten and bullied every day. Maybe the only friend I had back then was my brother, but we were distant in a sense since he has Asperger's… but we got along and watched cartoons together while our parents shouted to each others and shut doors down around the house.  When I turned 12 I was finally back in a particular school, a good one, but I didn't really perform well in it as my depression was already piling up on me even then… and all the matters and teaching system were way more superior than what I was used to… so I was basically performing extremely subpar… which obviously destroyed my self-esteem and I'd feel like a worthless disappointment.  Around 12, also, is when my gender dysphoria started to peak as a child… I'd cry every night wanting to be a girl even if I didn't know why it happened… it just did… and it stung even more that at school the girls wouldn't really even try to socialize with me… everyone deemed me gross and hideous.  15 years old came by and I was still in the same school, just high school, and my (late) puberty hit me… which obviously just made everything go even more downhill as I started to get more and more masculine… it was also very fat since 6… so I just got fatter. I was also doing extremely subpar in highschool… which, once again, still made me feel empty and worthless.  At 18 I miraculously entered the top university of my country for Linguistics (I'm not sure how, but I was called in the 4th wait list). It took me a semester of happiness, but things started to go back to as they were before… I got unmotivated quickly and noticed I chose my course wrongly as I was hating it… around that time I was also living by myself with my brother in São Paulo and even started my hormonal therapy at 19 in 2017.   Even if things were shitty in uni, I was still losing weight and becoming more feminine and I started to blossom socially. I'd attract people that were romantically interested, even went in dates and made friends in bars… but then… I was date raped one day.  I couldn't do much about it, the guy didn't leave any marks or bruises and there was no way to prove it happened, and I was also terrified to go go the police because I was still presenting male… and I know they'd not take a ""man"" seriously in a rape claim… and with how homophobic and transphobic Brazil is… I even feared worse…  So with that… I started to just stay home crying things off and spent months just in bed… I started to grow nearly obese again and my friends started to abandon me as ""I am too much of a bummer""… I also gad dropped uni…  After a few months… my really anti-LGBT parents caught up that I was on hormones and I was met with the ultimatum: stop it or you're out. The only thing keeping me together was over… in 3 months, most of the progress I had of 7 months of hormones were over as Testosterone is a really potent thing… so my gender dysphoria went even more severe…  Nowadays I'm just bed struck and have some social gatherings I go to… I can barely look at myself in the mirror and acknowledging my genitals literally throws me in panic attacks…  I'm now back on my hormones because I really don't care anymore… I'm just making things more bearable until I finally off myself… that is, if Brazil doesn't kill me first as my life expectancy as a trans woman here is 30… since this country is literally the most violent towards us in the world (even more than Iran… in Iran it's actually socially acceptable).  I still have some shallow friendships but they all feel empty as I have to be a man around people… and I just can't take it anymore…"	sw
"Contemplating I've been thinking about death and dying for some time now, sometimes even taking my life, but until recently I haven't actually seriously thought about it. I always thought that I don't have that in me. However, last few days were the worst ever. Last night I fell asleep trying to finally make my mind and decide to go through with it.  I feel like I'm a burden to everyone and whatever I do I mess things up. I've started seeing a therapist last week, but since my sisters give me money for the guy, it feels even worse. They were always my biggest support and I just dont want to hold them back anymore. The more I think about it, I'm more certain about doing it. I couldn't ask for a better life then I have right now, and reading some post here and listening to some peoples life stories makes me feel so ashamed, but fuck im so misserable all the time."	sw
"Don't know what is professional to do or not I sometimes don't know what is professional to do or not. Who else feels the same? For example, a college staff member had just contacted me and asked me to promote a French language exchange event. I am planning to translate the post into French and post this in a private Facebook group for French exchange students. Is it ok if I take a screenshot with what I've posted and share it with the college staff? Thanks."	cc
"In celebration of Easter, what is your favorite part of the ham? Mine is the Kuda Mcgraw. So flippin tender, juicy, and GREAT! An all around mega meal. I just love the feel, I just love the taste, I just love when it drips down my face! My god it's so good.  Anyways, what is your favorite type? Also, update on my doggo for anybody who wants to know, he passed away sadly. He didn't get to live to Easter, but we are thinking about him and dedicating it to him today!"	cc
Currently getting my hair bleached and I’m bored! I have pink hair and I’m getting my roots bleached rn! Currently waiting for the bleach to set in. It’s a long process. Anyone up for a casual chat? What’s going on in your life? 	cc
"Want to know... I have been struggling a lot with self-punishment lately, I have thought of taking it to the next level. I have done some truly bad things in life, but also genuinely want to help others and make the world a better place. I want to know - is it possible that someone could deserve to die? If so, how do I decide whether or not I do? "	sw
Passive It's been three and a half months. I'm seeing a therapist. I'm on Zoloft.   If I had a way I knew would work - wouldn't leave me paralyzed or with organ failure but alive - I would do it in a heart beat.   My life has moved on. I go to work. I might be up for a promotion. I go through the motions of taking care of myself - I eat vegetables and go out with friends and even offered to make art for some friends. But I don't care. A huge part of me died with my husband and I  just waiting to join him.   I don't want to suffer. I don't want to hurt. I want to end my suffering. I don't want to be here. But I don't know how. 	sw
"Can't fill the void. I feel like I'm just wandering in the desert right now. No sense of direction, lost, and suffering.   A little background - I'm 27 years old and got out of a very toxic relationship a couple months back. I've history with mild drug abuse but have been clean for 3 months now. I quit my career in IT just a few weeks ago because I'm tired of sitting in front of a screen answering phone calls with no fulfillment. I have a fairly healthy physical lifestyle. I run, yoga, climb and have a healthy diet.   I literally have no idea what to do. I'm emotional wreck from my breakup and the loneliness is unbearable. My past relationship isolated me from majority of my friends and support network. I have have a couple of months to find income again or I'll be basically homeless.   This is some serious pain and I've set myself up for a way where I can no longer escape from it. I'm trying to not go the self destructive ways with drugs or shit relationships but I feel backed into a corner and it's crippling.  I should probably see a therapist but honestly don't have insurance and can't afford one.  Anyway I guess I just needed to vent. I feel a little bit better after writing this out. Any suggestions? Thanks everyone.  -Danny"	sw
"How to Help a Friend Who Wants to End It All? Gonna try to keep this short so,  A friend is expressing suicidal thoughts, there isn't any one problem (just everything, and some other heavy stuff).  I live a couple hours away so I can't be there, and due to different schools we don't talk much, but how could I help?  A quote from this person ""I feel like I'm constantly just trying to escape the world"" (on top of other things).  How can I help?"	sw
"I'm okay and that's okay. I've been on antidepressants for almost two months now. I'm okay. Not happy, but not miserable so that's a win in my book. I don't think I'll ever be happy and I think it's okay to not be okay so I'm okay with just being ""okay"" (say that 3x really fast) because that's like 2000x better than how I was 3 months ago.   So yeah, take a shot of water for every time I said okay (stay hydrated, friends)."	cc
"Goodbye, thanks for the help. Gun loaded, just waiting to end it. Good bye Reddit I will be ending my life after post.  I want to say thank you for everyone who’s attempted to help me cope with my depression but unfortunately the depression has gotten worse and every second I’m awake is a pain. My life wasn’t lived to the fullest as i’m only 17 but that doesn’t matter. I’m sorry everyone, goodbye."	sw
Celebrate the small victories I was just able to register for a course during the summer & made my first coffee thanks to a friend's instructions! I feel great tonight!   What small victory/ies did you accomplish today? 	cc
"Really considering suiciding over my lack of social connections, feeling alone and helpless. I'm 29, never had a true relationship, never had sex, unemployed even if I have a degree, lived pretty much in isolation from 20 to now, only had 1 friend I don't even go out with anymore.  The worst thing is not even my situation, it's the fact that I don't know how to get out of it. I go out and see couples, people socializing and having friends, meeting people while I can't figure out where to make friends since I have no hobbies or even a job.  The only thing keeping me alive is the hope to change this situation, I keep myself groomed, I diet and lift and I'm above average looking. But what's the point when I don't go out or I don't know where to meet people? Especially in the winter. Where am I supposed to find a partner? I'm going out only maybe 4-5 times a month right now, what's the point of going out when I can't connect with people and form friendships? Just today I went out in a public place full of young people and now I feel even worse: seeing what i could have but I don't, made me want to kill myself once and for all.  I feel old, alone and done. I feel I lost my best years, never experienced happiness and rejected by life. I feel so close to getting finally happiness but yet so far. I don't ask much, I just want a partner I like and a social life. I feel stupid for wanting to kill myself over something that appears so easy to get for most of the people, but incredibly hard to get for me.  "	sw
Feel like a letdown Current age 18. I overheard my parents discussing a divorce and my name was brought up several times on how my dad hates who I am. I am overweight and he hates that about me which I can understand but he went into more detail on how he hates me as a person and can’t stand to even look at me anymore. My dad and I have a bad relationship ever since I could remember and has made me feel sad after many times he yelled at me but what he said at this current point was too much. His hatred is affecting my family and I don’t want too see that anymore. I’m highly considering jumping as of now because the pain I’m feeling emotionally is too much to handle I have vomited and have trouble breathing and don’t want to deal with it anymore.  Thanks for giving this a read I hope the afterlife is better	sw
"Just being friends Recently a friend of mine asked me out and we agreed to start dating. I’ve had a crush on him for awhile so it felt like I was on cloud nine. I was really into it in the moment but in the days after it happened, something just felt off. I talked to him about it and he felt similar so we decided to just be friends.   Now I’m really happy that we are friends, because I like him a lot. However, I think there’s a part of me that still has a crush on him. But I’m willing to put these feelings aside if it means we still get to be friends. I think I would be more devastated if we weren’t. And the day after we decided to be friends, we went to a theater play and had a great time.  Have any of you ever had to put your feelings aside for the sake of a friendship/situation?"	cc
"idkwtf2do! Homeless Pregnant Prostitute Addict-give me an idea wtf to do! first of all, i've gotten accusations of being a troll or a liar before when I've reached out for help/advice in the past... please, if you think i'm a liar, just keep scrolling. i am telling the 100% God's honest truth and i am looking for real support and advice. i'm very vulnerable right now, and though I'm used to being judged, i don't like it. it's a long story how i got here, but here's where i am right now. i discovered i am pregnant 2 days ago. i already have a child, but CPS and my family agreed long ago that i am not fit to be a mother due to me having debilitating mental illness (schizophrenia/bipolar/ptsd). my husband and i discussed adoption, but the end result of the discussion was that we both agree i'm not capable of even carrying a healthy pregnancy anymore due to (exponentially compounded) mental illness plus some fun and exciting brain damage ive been dealing with since i was beaten and raped last august. i also only have 3 months clean off of a hardcore meth addiction and had full intention of going back to it before i found out i was pregnant, so, there's that risk. oh yeah, and also, i'm a prostitute. or, i was a prostitute. then that new law came into effect and craigslist and backpage got shut down. yesterday. so i guess I'm a displaced sex worker. i don't have any regulars since i just moved to this town temporarily last month. my shit is shut down. we just finally raised enough cash to move into a motel, too. we have a whole week paid in advance and if i worked hard, i could have paid the rent and also put some aside for us to finally get a live-in vehicle within a couple months. but with the main sites shut down, there's no way i can get the traffic i need just to pay the rent. we're going to be homeless on Thursday. again. sleeping on the ground, hungry af, getting woke up by cops, carrying all our shit on our backs, dirty, sweaty, tired, homeless. i HATE being homeless. some people seem to think it's a fun, ""free"" lifestyle... no, dude. it sucks. Oh, did I mention an abortion costs over $500 even with financial assistance?  so... on Thursday, i will be a homeless pregnant prostitute trying to raise a ridiculous amount of money for an abortion while dealing with demons in my head, aching for drugs, and frequent fainting spells from a mix of pregnancy sickness, brain damage, and hunger. plus, like, emotions and shit. coz, u know, losing your job, losing your home, and having an abortion all suck separately. this is all happening at one time.  i have been suicidal since i was a little kid. comes with the territory of mental illness. tried to do it way more times than i can count. spent years in and out of mental hospitals and programs and psychiatrists and all the meds they could throw at me before they took me off all the meds and said ""good luck with life."" that was last april. since last june, i've been on sort of an anti-suicide mission. i've been trying to find a reason to live, some semblance of that ""happy"" thing people talk about, an hour straight where i don't want to hurl myself off the nearest tall building... and ive tried a lot of shit. ive talked to a lot of people. i even became a Christian somewhere in all that. the conclusion i came to 2 months ago (when my hail mary landed on the 10 yard line) was that nobody is ever really happy and the best thing i can do is buckle up, get comfortable, and live my life waiting for the happy day i die.  i don't want to commit suicide. i just want to die. so, so bad. more than anything else, i just want the bullshit to be over.  so this notion of just trying to stay comfortable, making the best of a bad situation is what's gotten me through the past few months. but now i'm sick af all the time (pregnancy + brain damage = dizziness, headaches, fainting, vertigo, unbalanced equilibrium... all experienced in the last 2 fckn days), knowing I'm about to have to carry that big old 40lb backpack everywhere and give BJs to guys in their cars for 1/2 my normal rates so i can afford to end a pregnancy that p much anybody would agree needs to be ended.... well, shit, that doesn't sound comfortable at all. in fact, it sounds like it's going to end very, very badly for me. ptsd compounds. even if i do manage to get the abortion somehow, i still have to live my life as a complete fuck-up homeless ex-hoe bag lady.  a few days ago, before all this shit happened, i told my husband about an attempt i made in December. he asked if i regretted my decision not to go through with it. i tried to come up with something positive to tell him, but the truth is i definitely, unequivocally regret not pulling that trigger.  ""what about your family/friends?"" i don't have any. my family stopped talking to me when i got into meth. when i called them asking for help to get into a rehab, my dad told me to kill myself. my friends also disappeared when i got into meth. obvs my meth-head friends wont talk to me now that i'm clean. all i have is my husband, and even he agrees that Jesus would probably forgive me for killing myself because shit's that bad in my head all the time.  ""why don't u get a real job?"" i've tried. i'm incapable. psychiatrists and counselors have all told me i would never be able to hold a job, support myself, or even live independently. and i tried REALLY hard to prove them wrong. apparently the only thing I'm capable of doing on the daily is laying on my back. my husband is currently working, but only part time at minimum wage. and it's kind of a miracle that he's able to do that, as he has his own issues.   i've been up all night with racing thoughts. all the pills we have here combined wouldn't do it. plus my husband just woke up, so any action will have to wait. I'm not desperately sitting here with a gun to my head. but I'm pretty damn sure... like 90% sure... that I'm going to get it done (in as much of an idiot-proof way possible, coz i hate failing at suicide almost as much as i hate being alive) that i'm going to get it done by Thursday.  Unless someone out there has a better idea?  tl;dr: tell the homeless pregnant whore who cant even afford an abortion why she should go on with this miserable existence"	sw
"I can’t even kill myself Tried to overdose but I still somehow fucked that up, honestly don’t know what to do with myself just tired of being used for my money I guess. My mom said once I get out of here I can finally get a tattoo which is good. Thinking about getting a rose on my hand. I honestly feel so selfish for what I did but I can’t help it, I just feel like a burden on everybody and everything around me. I’m finally able to support my family with my business but being in hs at the same time is just too much. I don’t know why I’m posting here honestly, I just want to die. thanks for your time. "	sw
"Any waiters or waitresses here have tips to work more efficiently? I work at one of the most popular asian places in my city, and we’re constantly understaffed (I’m by myself twice a week during rush hour, so I’m expected to wait, bus, and cash out tables all at the same time) and instead of trying to hire more help, I’m just expected to work harder and maybe grow a third arm to do all of this.   This is my first job and I’ve been working for a few months now, so I like to think I’m pretty decent at it even though according to my managers I’m the slowest of everyone.  I get good tips ($5-$10 average), and all my tables always comment on my food service.  Am I doing something wrong?  Instead of giving me tips on how to be more efficient, they just tell me “be faster.”  So friends, how do I be faster?  "	cc
Tell me about your pets! I seriously want a cat in the house but I'm moving to uni next year and we can't afford to take a pet with us. Tell me about yours to help me pass the time!  Bonus points for any good stories involving pets :)	cc
Is it worth it? Is suicide worth it if you're almost certain things wont or cant improve? Is there anything admirable about making the executive decision yourself...? 	sw
"I despise tomatoes So I am 21 currently. I asked my mom a few days back if I have ever eaten tomatoes, she even said she couldn't remember. Even when I was a kid.   I don't know man, I just cant tomato. I get really mad when I ask for no tomato on my burger at a restaurant, and when I get it back, I can see there is some tomato juice and seeds on the burger, fuck, I lose my shit. Last night, my friend invited me for dinner, keep in mind, we have been friends for 13+ years, and knows very fucking well that I don't eat tomatoes. Guess what the fucker made for dinner... Spaghetti and mince..... More like Tomato with some spaghetti and a tiny bit of mince. He used 2 large tomatoes and a whole can of tomato/onion gravy with two servings of mince. I tried eating some, I got like maybe 3 forks down and I just couldn't do it man. I feel rude for turning down his food but the guy knows my eternal hate for those red devils.  And it doesn't matter if its cooked or not, fuck tomatoes  /rant  *edit  Back in 7th grade, my friend (the one whos in the story) slapped me in the face with a tomato in his hand. I started crying because there was tomato all over me. I don't understand why I dont eat tomato, or barely even dare to look at them"	cc
"Really OK day. Still wanna kill myself (not in danger) By all accounts a good day. Maybe kinda eh, but not the worst. Still want to kill myself. Gets worse going into the night.   Won't do it. Too scared, but desire is still there. Always at the back of my mind. "	sw
"I am stuck in my room while people stain my flooring, this is my story 4/4/2018 - 3:07 PM - I just got off the bus from school, the floors of my main floor, which is the vast majority of it, are being sprayed on with by protective spray and paint, I convinced my parents to let me stay in my room, They could manage an apartment, But I cant stay away from my precious computer, I have 8 hours, all too myself,  My rations consists of 3 lunchables, and an 8 pack of water bottles, the only way out without ruining a $1000 staining is through the window, I don't know how much longer I have. I am feeling weaker by the second, reddit shitposting wont help me this time.  Will I regret the decision to stay in my room by myslf for a whole 8 hours, probably not, but who knows.  if I can survive I will update every few hours"	cc
"I have a job interview next week and I'm nervous. Can I get advice? So I'm interviewing for an education liaison position at a local museum next week. I would love to have some advice on how to interview well. I have a degree in education, so I feel as if I will be able to answer questions about education very well.   However, it's somewhat of a manager position. I would be coordinating, planning, and scheduling workers and volunteers to be helping run the program. I don't have a lot of experience in managing adults, but I still think I would be great at this job. What can I say or do during the interview to help my chances more of getting this job?"	cc
"My Mother is stressing me out beyond reason Im studying at a university abroad And I have failed or got a really bad grade my first semester subjects due to starting a month late and searching for accommodation for atleast 2 weeks or I would have stayed on the streets. I have been doing my absolute best to pass but the subject were very difficult on my own....I have tried studying and watching old lectures and everything but the syllabus was too long in several cases ( mathematics was much more difficult and longer than abitur according to our professor) and exams were just too hard for me in my situation so I failed. The thing is she linked this with studying with my friends which I only recently started doing it because they were very helpful and my progress increased significantly. She now commands me to just cut all relations with any friends that I have made whom for the first time in my life are ones who i looked forward to seeing them the next day because I enjoy there company. On top of that she demands excellent grades in future not knowing how hard it is or how hard I have worked. I dont know how to deal with her anymore she just shouts or demands things I cannot fullfill atleast as of now which gets me so much stress, fear and tears. How to deal with that? Please note that I by no means hate her but appreciate how hard she works and sacrifices for me but I just still cant just accept this. Also I have got in high school pretty competitive grades that allowed to be offered places at different universties"	sw
"Cooking/Food So I've just spent the evening doing some cooking. Made a mushroom soup and shepherd's pie (UK dish using mince, veg and mash potato) Feel rather accomplished right now.     Finished up doing it all, sat down and had my evening scroll through reddit and inspired by my evening thought I'd ask you guys; what does everyone love to cook and if you have a signature dish you really show off with? Or if there's something you really want to master in terms of cooking?  "	cc
"What happens when you're gone.. ""Fine, just go!""  These were the last words yelled to me by the love of my life, as I walked into the forest after a minor fight.   After a 15 minute cry, I returned home to find him hanging in our garage. I didn't realise what was going on for a second. I cried out his name, tried to loosen the noose around his neck, but it was too tight. I ran to the kitchen to grab a knife and cut him down.   His head hit the concrete as I tried to support his weight, falling. My love..  His lips were blue, fuck, fuck. I started CPR. The breaths coming out were ragged, like sleep apnoea. I ran inside and called the emergency number. The guy gave instructions, the ambulance was coming.  I'd found a noose in our cupboard a week earlier. I'd heard him tell his sister she could take his computer, his prized possession a day before. He'd cut his arm that morning. But I didn't realise how real it was.  'Jewelry shine' was on repeat on his computer. I will never forget that song. It was the shitty soundtrack to the suicide of the person I loved most in the world.   The ambos came 7 minutes later. They cut his favourite t-shirt off. 'He'll be pissed they ruined that' I thought. He was still alive. Just.  I stayed in ICU with him for 10 days. He was brain dead, the doctors told me on the first night. He probably wouldn't make it. Only his brain stem was keeping his vital functions going. Every so often he would start convulsing,  tonic-clonic seizures, or something. Oh my love...  He had tubes down his throat, in his veins, up his nose. I'd put a cold cloth on his forehead, held his hand. Talked to him. Played his favourite music. Told him I'd swap my life for his. I thought he could understand. I hoped.   Eventually I realised he would be a vegetable if he ever even came out of the coma. He had begun to respond to pain - the doctors told me of this. They wouldn't let me see the tests. He wouldn't have wanted to live that way.  I gave the OK for them to switch off the life support.   That night, I went to the hospital chapel. We aren't religious, but it felt right. They had a tree you could hang a note on. So I did.  I got back to ICU. His Dad came out and said 'its time'. Fuck. I went in, held my Love's hand as his heart gave out. He went cold, and I knew I was holding the shell of the person I loved most in the world. A last kiss.  Nine years later, I think about the person he was, and who he could have become. He was only 27. I think about him every day.   I don't know what I'm trying to get across here. Suicide is a very personal choice. Its a final choice, and there's no going back. I wish he'd just thrown everything else away before taking his life. "	sw
"How do I tell my parents I'm suicidal? A few years ago I explained to my parents that I was suicidal and I'd been cutting. They told everyone I knew, I was humiliated. For so long, they were so disappointed in me. They looked at me as if I was a failure, or as if they didn't even know me. I was so ashamed of myself that I never wanted to tell them how I was feeling again. - Recently, I've been feeling the same way. I've been leaning on my friends and boyfriend for emotional support but I'm starting to feel guilty doing that because I don't want to make them worry. I know I need to tell my parents because I'm afraid one of these days I'm going to do something I can't undo. I've started cutting again as well. How do I explain what I'm doing and how I feel to my parents without seeming like a complete disappointment?"	sw
"I'm so alone I'm so fucking alone and I want to die. I hate my family and I hate my country. At this point I don't care what happens after I just want the suffering to stop. I'm so scared of the things that are going to happen in my future and I don't want to face any of it. I can't see how my life will ever work out and it's worse because I know if I was born to better people or at least not in this country I would have had so much fun living. In this version of life I just want to die.  Edit: just realised it was past 12, it's my birthday. Just wanted to say that."	sw
"What is the best method to end one's life? The decision is made, I dont want to be here anymore. What is the best method (peacefully) to leave this earth? I am in a position where I've lost all my relatives I dont know anyone, and Im living in great debt and no one will miss me. I have no talents and are pretty much unwilling and too depressed to find a job, I have been helped by the government a lot to get out of depression but cannot move on anymore. It's my time, so I am asking for help for the best methods to end my life. I cannot buy a gun here."	sw
"How’s your day going as a mod? I imagine it differs between mods of subreddits with 100 people vs. 1,000,000 people.  How much time you putting in? 15 min? 30 min? 1 min? Good day or bad?"	cc
"Really need a reason not to do it I've been fighting an uphill battle against what I can't see as anything other than hopeless circumstances and the despair is winning. I'm disabled. I've tried to reenter the work force 3 separate times over the course of the last 5 years and each time has ended in a disaster for my health. I get so sick and do so much damage to myself trying to work that I get to the point I just physically can't anymore. I'm applying for disability but even if I get it it will be well below the poverty line and not something I can sustainably live off of.  I've made it through these past 5 years because my at-the-time husband was picking up the slack as I tried to recover my health but he left me. I had to rush back into the workforce despite my health not having been recovered enough for that. I did it for much longer than I thought I could because I had to to survive but now the damage has been done and I find myself unable to work again with no one to help me survive as I try to recover. I don't have family or much in the way of friends, certainly not any that would be willing or able to provide for me while I can't do it for myself. I don't know what to do.  I don't see a way out of this. I'm not capable of supporting myself and I have no one I can rely on. I'm utilizing every resource available as far as assistance goes but there just isn't much. Housing assistance has a waiting list to get on the waiting list, both if which are estimated to be a year long so there is no reasonable expectation of help in that regard and I don't qualify for Medicaid because in my state you must be either pregnant, a single mom, receiving disability payments, or elderly to qualify so I have no insurance and my medical bills keep climbing. I'm buried under inescapable debt. I see no way out of these things.  I don't want to be homeless. I don't want to have to worry every day where my next few meals are coming from. I don't want to live in my busted car. But maybe even more than all that I just don't want to have no one anymore. I'm so alone.   I have a plan and the means. I'm just hoping I can find a reason not to do it before everything becomes too much. Living under this constant stress of fear of basic survival needs not being met is destroying and semblance of sanity I had left. I've been strong for so long. Is it really so bad if for once in my life I'm just...not? Is it really so bad to call it quits when no one needs me?"	sw
"I watched Forrest Gump today for the first time! (Spoilers)  I somehow lived 20 years on this planet without seeing Forrest Gump, today I made the decision to change that.  Wow... I loved it! I've not felt this emotional watching a film for a while now, it moved me to tears so many times throughout this movie, such as when Bubba died, Jenny died, and when Gump asked if his son is smart. I can't express how amazing the performance was from Tom Hanks, he completely sold his character and made me really care for him in every situation he was put in.   This film hit every emotion for me, anger, sadness, laughter, happiness, great stuff. It was also brilliant seeing Gump interact with multiple important parts of America's history, although I missed a few which I had to research as I'm from England.  I just wanted to share my thoughts about the movie because it's the only thing on my mind, let me know what you thought of the film and if you haven't seen it... watch it! "	cc
"I can't talk to anyone Hello, a lot has been happening and I don't know how to deal with my life anymore. The worst thing is that I cannot talk to anyone. A suicide is bad for a prestigious boarding school's reputation, so when they find out I'm having problems, they will make an excuse and expel me. So I need to suffer in silence. And I think I'm about done suffering. I've been cutting myself although I had stopped for 3 years. I can't do this anymore. But I never cut deep enough, eat enough pills, etc. Maybe unconsciously I want to live or something. I really don't know. I don't even know why I'm writing this. I'm so incoherent. My English teacher would be ashamed of me."	sw
"Where do you prefer to discover music from, youtube, spotify, ect.? I prefer Youtube although you can't use the app in the background when you're listening on smartphone if you don't have youtube red. Good thing about having an IOS phone is that you have the option having the phone not auto-sleep :)"	cc
So interesting that most people rarely post on reddit There's always so much on my mind and so many questions I have I just always feel the need to post there's just so many different personalities and perspectives that I can't find at school. But the typical reddit user generally has little to no posts. Pretty interesting. Ik people all have lives and stuff and can't spend a lot of their time on reddit but imo reddit>my schoolwork	cc
"What's your favorite ""I really don't wanna cook tonight"" meal? Essential for not starving when you're exhausted, depressed, or really drunk.  Personally, I always make sure to have some diced peppers and onions on hand so I can throw them into a pan of scrambled eggs or a pot with some franks and beans."	cc
"The GSP at SDSU For those that don't go to SDSU, the GSP is a standardized test for all majors in the school of Journalism. You need an 80% to pass and only get 3 tries before you have to appeal to get into the major or change majors. It has 100 questions related to grammar, spelling, and punctuation.  I haven't studied grammar since elementary school and this test is stressing me the hell out. I'm having a hard time studying for it because of the lack of resources regarding the actual test. And every time I look at various grammar/punctuation rules, I feel like I don't absorb it or understand it completely. But, it might just be dear and stress that's making it more difficult for me.  If there's anyone out there that has taken it or is really good at English grammar/punctuation, how did you study? Any resources you'd like to share? I'm desperate at this point.   (I also think it's silly to require such a difficult test [only an 80% passing rate on the first try] in order to get into a major. Aren't we entering the major in order to learn and master these things??) "	cc
"I’m so overwhelmed. I can’t do this anymore I’m shit and my life is shit. Something has to give. Since I’m too cowardly to off myself the quick way, I’ll do it the slow way. I’ll stop eating. Then one day I’ll pass out and crack my head open. Then it’ll be over.  Fuck fuck fuck I can’t do this anymore it’s all too much why am I so shit"	sw
Story Ideas: I've got three ideas for stories. Witch sounds more interesting to you?  1) A family goes to the worlds largest pizza place. (Literally)  2) A man recounts another dreadfull day at the Creativity Factory  3) The worlds most evil mind has been swapped into the worlds most pathetic dog. 	cc
"Write your age as a chapter number followed by a chapter title of your choice.. For the title, think of it like a summary of your past year if your birthday is close, or what it looks like it will be based on the previous year, of course if you are midway you will probably have no problem.  Ill start; mine would be ""Chapter 21: Challenge Accepted"" "	cc
"Please help me I’m ready to end it all, I have a knife in my hand  right now. I wish someone would talk to me but no one seems to care about me. Mom, I’m sorry"	sw
"Help Me Decide My Next Adventure! Hello all! I'm on a bit of an adventure to accomplish things I've always wanted to do in life.   I've recently accomplished my dream of starting my own business and now that it's up and running, on to the next! I want to have a world record!  Here's the catch, I want to create a record, not break a current one. I have been brainstorming a few ideas but would love to hear what you guys got!"	cc
That moment you gasp... I have a Galaxy S7 phone. Cell phone that is. Well I left it in the men's restroom. I went back and it was gone. I just spent about $365 on it including case and tempered glass. I looked everywhere for it for 2 hours and couldn't find it anywhere. I was desperate. Well lucky for me some good Soul turned it into the lost and found at my job. Thank you Jesus. Now I can breathe again. I certainly didn't have another $365 to put in a phone	cc
"My life is sucking more everyday. I wish it would get better I hate my life. I wish I could just fall asleep and not wake up. My job has been down hill. A little over a month ago, my job was removed and I was placed in a new role with half the job roles as the last. I thought that was the worst of it. Now my new job is being eliminated and I will be placed in a role with a horrible schedule. I just started seeing a guy, and our schedule was aligned really well, we had the same days off each week, and that will stop in 2 weeks. I don’t see that causing him to lose interest in me, but I think it could put a strain. I just wish I could quit, but I can’t lose my pay, losing my job while screw me and my family(I pay my moms mortgage so  without my job, me and Mom, and my brother and sister would be homeless. When this first started to happen, I wish I would have followed thru on ordering Nembutal. That would solve my issues and I could just never wake up from that "	sw
Idk what to do I have no friends at all everyone that ever meets me ends up hating me...  The world would be better without me... think about it no one wants me here including my parents so being alive is just wasting everyone's time...  I have been cutting for a while now and normally after I cut I get tired fast and fall asleep but today i still can't fall asleep my arm now just feels strange when I move my fingers   Idk if to tell people but if I do I will have to go to a hospital and it's just wasting more people's time..  I really don't know anymore 	sw
"A few thoughts before I test hanging myself My wife will be gone from the house for a couple hours on Friday. I'm going to test hanging myself (with the easiest, cheapest way of doing that possible, to leave the exact method vague). I'll try to not kill myself right away, but it's fine if it happens. I'll leave a note on the stairs before I try it warning my wife not to come upstairs.  I feel at ease as I think about what's led me here. I don't enjoy anything anymore: hobbies, home life, vacation, it's all anxiety-inducing or cripplingly dull. Work sucks and I feel stuck in a field I didn't even study for, and I'm not even 30 yet. My wife has zero libido and I'm so fucking sad that we share basically no intimacy. I tried to rebuild my social life after neglecting it for years, but it hasn't worked. I don't do anything in my life that benefits anyone else. All I do is consume and take up space.  Medication barely helps. The ""counselor"" I got referred to likes to hear himself talk more than me. I can't even live in a good state where I could just use weed to cope.   Things could get better, but having to stick around just for the chance of that happening isn't worth it. To exist in such a state of misery is worse than nonexistence. My dogs have helped me not kill myself for this long, but I didn't socialize them well so I basically fucked up their lives. Maybe someone else can be the better human they deserve."	sw
"Anyone play WoW? Hello everyone! I just found this subreddit and wanted to ask if anyone plays WoW and what you think about the next expansion. Added to that too, I've been grinding some PvP and was wondering if anyone wanted to join me!"	cc
"Tell me how do you guys ""Treat Yo'self"" My biggest weakness is this fresh cookie bar at the nearby mall. Im in love their Cookies n Cream cookie! Literally its only a sugar cookie mixed in with oreo cookies. Baked to perfection. Top it off with oreo cookie crumbles, icing and vanilla ice cream. LOVE IT SO MUCH! Not too creamy or sugary I wanna get one now...  I could go on with many numerous 'treat yo'self' routines but im curious how everyone else does it.   "	cc
The luckiest people at casinos never win I have never won money in the casino. Never. I've been up a few times playing slots and blackjack but ultimately lost everything.  I bet $100 on a single spin of roulette once and for a brief period o experienced a thrilling rush but after i lost it all i walked away embarrassed. In retrospect I feel pretty grateful because it's one vice I feel completely immune to. 	cc
"SW Topic of the Day MOVIE CHARACTERS **Quick Note:** this will be the last TOTD for a while as I'm away with work for a few weeks.  I will try to post when I can, but not sure I will get the time.  Welcome to [u/siriuslywinchester](https://www.reddit.com/u/siriuslywinchester)'s Topic of the Day. I'll be coming up with a topic each \(week!\) day and asking questions for you to start discussions and maybe make some new reddit friends! You don't have to answer all of the questions, and you can even just tell a story or some information that relates to the topic if you like.  Today's topic is:  # MOVIE CHARACTERS  Who is your favourite movie character?  Which movie character do you feel like you connect with the best?  Which movie character would you most like to be friends with?  If you could change the actor/actress of any movie character, who would you switch between?"	cc
"I'm going to do it tomorrow. I have had enough. I'm 28 years old, and life is getting worse and worse for me. I just found out I defaulted on my car loan and I owe the bank 17 grand. I'm in financial disarray. I haven't been able to keep a job or my boyfriend. He isn't in love with me anymore, and would be happier going through life without the poison and drain that I am.  I cry when I think of my niece and nephew not knowing me as adults; I cry when I think of my younger sisters losing their big sister and my brother feeling like he should have done more, but couldn't. I cry when I think of my parents and all the love and sacrifice they have provided me with for so long. I cry when I think of my boyfriend finding me, and not being able to kiss his mouth anymore. My friends that I've pushed away who love me and incredible amount. My cat who will miss out on pets and cuddles. Hes my best friend since I'm home all the time.  I cry because I know it will be sad, but I want to be free. I don't want this life anymore. It's too painful. I have BPD and will probably never be able to feel love fully. I won't be able to enjoy the little things. I can't drink and smoke because I would get addicted.   I am decided and I know how I will do it. I will get my prescription of attivan and wrap my neck with a rope and slowly pass out. I'm going to write my letters tonight because I don't want anyone to blame themselves, because this was all my fault. I made things get this bad.  This is what I want. Please don't resent me for it."	sw
How common is it to have constant suicidal ideation for years? I'm not sure when the switch flipped but I can't remember the last time i woke up or fell asleep (and everything in between) without ideation. Suicide has been on my mind since i was a child but i know thats not super uncommon. As always I'm just kind of looking to relate to someone.	sw
"When it seems that everything is goinh well in life, it all comes back to shit in the end! Luck has never been by my side, everything has it's ups and downs. But for me, I only have at least five seconds of a wonderful high where everything seems to be going smoothly and we'll, until reality comes crashing down and everything goes back to shit!   I'm so tired of this happening to me all the time, I hate this rollercoaster that is life and I want to end it. I want to hang myself and be at peace, or I could sign myself into a mental ward (If you know how to if you live in the UK that would be great!)   I don't want to live in this world anymore, life has fucked me over to many times now and I'm done!   I've lost the game of life and I want to kill myself and be rid of my pain!   I know people will say ""it's a shame that we lost someone so young, he was 22 years old and we could have done better."" Well, it's too late for that!."	sw
"Hi CasualConversation! Hi! I want to ask you guys something just because I'm curious.     Do you like pineapple on pizza? Why/why not? And if you know (or have a theory), please tell me why the internet seems to hate pineapple on pizza.     Cheers you lovely people!"	cc
"Tonight I just feel good, I don’t know why. After getting home from school, relaxing a little bit I started to feel the best I’ve felt in years since moving to Mexico. I don’t even know how to describe it, i was just happy with no reason to be. I wanted other people to know before I start going back to normal, but honestly I haven’t felt this just weirdly happy in years."	cc
"Passed my drum exam after thinking I had completely failed. So a few weeks ago I did my grade 2 exam, and being the first music exam I’d ever done, I was really nervous. During the exam, I messed up so many times, I even dropped one of my sticks on one of my pieces. After coming out the exam room, I thought I had competely failed and would have to do it again. However this morning I was told that I had passed the exam, and although it’s not a merit or distinction or anything, I’m incredibly happy with myself after what I was thinking and after being so nervous."	cc
I don't even feel human anymore I don't know how to socialize. My social skills are almost non existent. Even during the most basic interactions I will find a way to mess up. I never know what to do or what to say. Social interactions gone wrong always trigger suicidal thoughts. If I can't even manage a basic interaction how am I supposed to be able to navigate all the different aspects of this life? People say practice is key but how am I supposed to practice if socializing is almost painful to me?                                                        I wish I had never been born so my parents wouldn't have to deal with having a socially retarded kid. I feel sorry for them.	sw
"I screwed up, got arrested for second time in 6 months, think I’m just going to end it. I got a drunk and disorderly. My life has been going down the drain since my military separation. I want to die. I feel like there is no point to living and that I’m a failure. "	sw
My parents died and I am homeless and mentally disabled. 😭 I cannot take of myself. Can someone help me? 😭😭😭	sw
"I am really ashamed of my lack of social skills I was diagnosed with mild autism a couple of months ago. I've always been socially awkward throughout my entire life and have had close to no friends, but I never realised the reason for that.  I've never disclosed the fact that I have autism to my college, but a few professors seem to have noticed how socially awkward and blunt am I. A few of them have decided to teach me social skills where they will explicitly tell me I sound too blunt or awkward.  I don't know I can improve my social skills. The thing is I sometimes don't know how people will react so I am constantly scared of accidentally offending people. I also feel inferior to everyone else due to my lack of social skills. My six year old cousin is a social butterfly and even he makes fun of me for being socially awkward.  Tl;dr: I've recently been diagnosed with mild autism. I've never disclosed the fact that I have autism to my college, but a few professors seem to have noticed my awkwardness and are now trying to teach me social skills by explicitly telling me instances where I sound too blunt or awkward. I feel inferior to everyone else due to my lack of social skills and even my six year old cousin has better social skills than me. I don't want others to see me as inferior or weird - how can I improve my social skills?"	cc
"I need a new video game to play The gaming well has run dry for me :( - Played far too much Overwatch already. Played a lot of different games. Last I finished was Hollow Knight, it was quite good, lives up to the hype. Maybe if you tell me what you are currently enjoying, gaming-wise, It will give me some ideas!  Thinking about getting back into Path of Exile because I haven't played it for a year 1/2 and there is new content now. After not playing a game that long, I forget just about everything about it, so I might have to re-learn the game again, which is not too easy, but maybe some of it will come back to me."	cc
I’m really fed up with my stupid life I’ve done something stupid and selfish. I stole meds from my cousin and I just want to die now.  I don’t know what’s wrong with me. Why can’t I behave like a normal human being and not do stupid stuff that gets me in trouble. I hate myself.	sw
how are you supposed to deal with your sister trying to kill her self ? i don’t want to go into detail on here so if you want to know pm me but she is currently in a mental hospital she’s coming home in a few days and i don’t know what to say to her i’ve cried and cried but it doesn’t fix anything i honestly wanted to slit my neck and wrists the other day but my famils been through so much i don’t want to disappoint them even more NEED SOMEONE TO TALK TO ASAP 🙏	sw
"In USA, if I am taken to a hospital for prevention or after attempted suicide, what will it cost? Without insurance.     I imagine the price alone would be enough to get most suicidal people even more suicidal.   Any info is appreciated."	sw
"You know what's bugs me? Calling my running pants sweat pants. I visited my Mom the other day, and I was wearing some Adidas running pants, my new go to casual to match the shoes I got on Christmas.  It was a great time, made some snacks took her out to shop and got her dinner. There was the whole, ""did you find a new girl yet?"" And all that. But for some reason that annoyed me more than it should she referred to my running pants as sweat pants.  I don't know if its because I like words and their various definitions, but sweats to me are for cold days and lazing about.  Running pants or jumpsuit pants are to protect from air windchill on cold days but generally aren't for warmth.  Maybe I'm crazy, but I had to say something. Any thoughts, besides I'm crazy?"	cc
"Does anyone else sometimes just sit in a dark room and think about life? I'm talking full-on pitch black room, sitting cross-legged on the floor, wearing headphones and listening to emotional music. I think about all sorts of things, mainly my future, where I want to be and how I can get there. Anyone else?"	cc
How did you know you'd found your person? I want to hear your happy stories about meeting the right person for you because I'm sad about a guy and want to believe there's someone better for me out there.	cc
"Can you guys recommend some positive, upbeat love songs, with no hint of broken heart? Things like Denise by Fountains of Wayne or Love you like  love song by Selena Gomez (weird combination but these are the examples I can think of now)  I mean, songs that talk about the seduction, the sex, the dreamy thing, the happy thing.  I'm recovering from a broken heart and it's harder than I thought to make a playlist that doesn't mess with me. Almost half of the songs seem to be about break ups."	cc
Laying in bed crying I have reached out to friends and strangers yet I’m still alone. I have tried different medications and therapy and I’m still broken. Beyond sad. Everyday I think about hurting myself. Everyday I think about dying. I resist. But I don’t think I can anymore. I am tired. 	sw
"... How the actual hell do people not notice that I'm hurting so much? No one asks how I feel. I just act happy, but I'm in my very own personal hell right now. Even my therapist can't tell that I'm in pain. It's honestly amazing what you can hide with a smile.  I fight the urge to scream in every period. I had to take a standardized test today and I started crying. Everyone stared at me, but they didn't do anything. The teacher didn't do shit either. When I left the room to go use the restroom, I heard laughter erupt from that class. It's pretty fucking obvious that no one cares about me. No matter what you say I know it's a lie. One of my ""friends"" literally said that they don't like me. I overheard them say that.  Thanks Dan. Love you too. I just want to die. But if I tell my therapist I'll be put in the psych ward. That would make my parents hate me even more. Whatever. No matter what you say, it won't help. You don't mean it in the first place. Quit lying."	sw
"Yep I'm not going to live through 2018. I used to believe I was a survivor, and for awhile I probably was. Also for any mods who think they're smart, I'm behind over 9000 proxies, so good luck.  Eight years ago I was diagnosed with PTSD. Four years ago I was diagnosed with cancer, and had to drop out of school to get a full time job to pay for insurance/healthcare. Cancer went into remission two years ago ironically only to lose my best friend shortly after. All the people who I thought cared or were my friends disappeared and dropped out of my life the second I reached out for help. The only resources that I have to reach out to now is a mental health system that honestly doesn't give a shit about it's patients. So as someone with way more experience than the vast majority of people who would recommend me to get help; fuck off. I have, and probably ended up more fucked up than when I first started getting help.  Mental health facilities are a fucking joke in the United States. The VA is useless when it comes to the treatment of PTSD, or any health treatment as far as I'm concerned. The vast majority of civi mental health units outside of the VA that I've been to (And yes, I've been to a lot -- over 10 at this point with some having multiple visits) are just glorified drug and alcohol rehab facilities that have a psychiatrist on staff that allows them to also accept mental health patients, as far as insurance companies are concerned, at least. While I'm sure this great for people with drug, alcohol, or dual diagnosis issues, this doesn't really help anyone else. Anyone who knows me will tell you I don't drink or do drugs (Probably the reason why I don't have anymore friends, to be honest). These places are not going to help people who legitimately only have mental health issues and need help. All they're going to do is take advantage of you, and your insurance, especially if you're there against your will. All you do at these facilities is sit around for 3-7 days being bored, watching TV (If you're lucky enough to have one in a group room), and going to one group a day that is patient lead since all the intern social worker does, who hasn't even graduated yet, just sits and listens, and doesn't really add much value to the groups. I've been to the one (And only) mental health unit in my state that is specifically for trauma patients, and while this unit was far more valuable than the others, didn't really help much because I found out that talking about my problems doesn't really do much for me. It also sent me off to yet another outpatient facility that was literally a drug and alcohol rehab facility because they had no where else to send me, and didn't want to release me without some sort of care. Thanks.  I have one of the most recognized psychiatrists in my region, but drugs only do so much. The only medication that has helped with the nightmares unfortunately also had the side effect of causing me to have more suicidal thoughts. Nothing has really helped with the flashbacks and panic attacks. The regimen of medicine that I've been taking consists of over 15 pills daily, and this is on the lower side of what I have taken in the past.  Last year I managed to break my neck, and pretty much destroy the right side of my body. That's not even the worst part. I somehow made a pretty good recovery. The worst part was when I realized the sad truth of where I was at in my life. When I was in the hospital, I had people I hadn't seen in *years* coming out of the woodwork to see me in the hospital all of the sudden. Where were these people when I actually needed them though? Where were they when my closest friend passed away? Where were they a few months after I got out of the hospital, and reached out for help to everyone I could think of? The worst part was realizing that people seem to only care when they can see you physically in pain. Apparently they could give two shits about me when it concerned any mental health issues.  I can't even remember the last time I had more than 3-4 hours of sleep. I'm having more panic attacks each week than I've ever had in my life even though I'm on more anti-anxiety meds than I've ever been on. The only people who seemingly care about me anymore are medical specialists my insurance is paying for me to see. I'm in more medical debt than I'll ever be able to pay off in 10 lifetimes thanks to said insurance refusing to pay for any of the surgeries required after my accident last year. I probably won't have insurance by the end of the year because I can't afford it anymore, so bye-bye psychiatrist and psychologist. And at this point with all this stress, I probably wouldn't be surprised if I died from some cardiac related issue before I could kill myself.  All the friends I ever had are either dead or not returning calls/texts, my family is pretty much fucking worthless. I'm mostly writing this in the hope that anyone recommending mental health units as a form of help to stop doing that, and do some research before continuing to spout of useless information to people who are already in a vulnerable position. And if you've gone to a mental health unit, and had nothing good come out of it, you're not the only one. So don't think it's you that's the problem as much as it's just the mental health system failing to actually help it's patients. There is far too much research being done in the pharma field, when there is an increasing need for far more research to be done on the neuro and psych side of mental health. Pharma is just a bandaid.  tl;dr: fuck this big dumb earth and it's big dumb pharma. goodbye forever~"	sw
"Currently drunk and feeling like shit I guess loneliness really does have the ability to kill. Fuck. I feel too lonely. I feel like shit because I'm only lonely because I push people away. Idk. I'm sorry. If I may end up killing myself tonight, I hope it won't cause too much trouble to my family."	sw
Anybody want to talk? I feel alone right now anybody free to talk? I feel angry and upset and suicidal at the same time. Why do people say they care but they really don’t and just forget about you? Fuck this world.	sw
"Feeling left out and very betrayed I'm leaving school this year, and since I've been there for 5 years and my depression began around it I decided to let it out for the last term. My friends took it as a joke at first, then just ditched me later on. The thing that hurt me the most is that I've been trying to communicate to a friend of mines on discord for the past 3 weeks, and she ignored me all the time. Meanwhile today she just said ""I called (anon) yesterday and his voice was low, I'm afraid he's depressed"". She knows of my cuts, and my attempts yet fucking just lets go off me immediately because she's ""Busy with stuff"", yet is afraid (anon) is depressed because he just toned down his voice a little? This really hurts me, and I can't fucking handle this bullshit anymore. Oh she's just over there tying a noose, let me pass onto (anon) instead, just because he toned his voice a little last time I called him for 4 hours! And I will just ignore her over there hanging on that stupid noose she made. I've been trying to tell her I want to talk face-to-face in private, she just doesn't care. Nor does anybody, and I'll fucking just end it on July if it stays that way, I've had enough of this bullshit. I tell them what's wrong they ignore me later on, I try to communicate better they let me go off like a fucking helium balloon. My own family tells me to ""get over it"", and my big sister encourages me to just end it all. And the fucking friends I thought were decent didn't give a damn about stopping their hurtful jokes until I've told them I hanged my fucking self. This world is very fucked up, and I just don't want to be there anymore. I've built up my trust with you for 2 years to tell you this, now you just let me go? That's why I hate people, they don't give a damn till you're dead. Or at least I'll watch their fake-ass cries from below hell on my funeral."	sw
"Exams are making it worse My GCSEs are in a month and I've done no revision. I try, but I genuinely can't find the motivation within me to put pen to paper. I'm so terrified of failing my exams but I've got no motivation to study for them, I'm really struggling to push out the thoughts that killing myself is the answer to this sitatuion. I know how stupid it sounds to feel that way over exams but I can't deal with the thought of underachieving to this extent. If I don't even have the motivation to revise even when I care about failing how will I function in a real world situation that I don't care about that much?"	sw
Why to try to prevent suicide? We know that life is sucks for 95 of people. And also we know that human life has no objective value at all.   So why to try to prevent suicide and prolong the  nightmare ?    	sw
"This month's neatured sub » r/DCFU & threads. *neatured = neat + featured* ######[](/k)  Hey all, time for this month's neatured things!   Quick recap on ""neatured"". We flair certain threads with a ""neat"" flair. Generally they are random threads we consider in the spirit of the sub or just darn neat. We think there are some neat subs out there too.   Lets check them out...  --- #r/DCFU >r/DCFU stands for DC Fan Universe.  We are a group of established Reddit writers that have reimagined the DC Comics universe.  We plan and coordinate our stories so they feel connected, and you can often find anything from small crossovers to groundbreaking events involving several books.  Check out our [welcome post](https://www.reddit.com/r/DCFU/comments/7yov68/welcome_to_the_dc_fan_universe_dcfu_start_here/) for info on getting started!   >It's a happy subreddit and a great antidote to all the negativity the internet provides.  *last month's featured sub was r/Wholesomenosleep, you can view previously featured subs in our [[wiki]](/r/CasualConversation/wiki/neatured)*  --- ####Threads from r/CasualConversation  top 3|user ---|--- [Who else makes that little ""oop"" noise when you almost run into someone or almost drop something?](https://redd.it/86y8zm) | u/CalzonesAreShit [Alright, guys, what color is math?](https://redd.it/82x0ip) | u/ISpyM8 [I'm a grown man, but every now and then I put all of my strength into a Kamehameha blast, just to see if it's still impossible. What do you do that makes you still a kid?](https://redd.it/857aus) | u/SoManyNinjas  *check out some more neat flaired threads [[here]](https://www.reddit.com/r/CasualConversation/search?sort=top&q=flair%3Aneat&restrict_sr=on&t=month)*  oh... the op for the neatured top 3 threads get a month of [reddit gold](/gold/about)!   ######[](/k) [K](https://i.imgur.com/3ObeQQN.gifv), thanks and keep on making [neat things](http://i.imgur.com/rZiUpEG.gifv)!"	cc
"I can't do it anymore. I was a crackhead over 12 years. I fucked my entire middle age up (started late 20's got clean in mid 40's). I was born with a birth defect (PE) that I had to have corrected to live. My parents would have done NOTHING if it weren't for my life on the line.   I ran around on my own since age 14. I met men just by talking to calls with the wrong number. I came and went as I pleased. Until my cop dad moved us to a different city because he thought he'd be appointed Chief. He was not.   He rolled up on me all the time out of protecting his rep, which ruined mine.   I had SO much potential. I had SO much love inside me. HAD.   There's nothing for me anymore. I've traveled a bit, and done every drug imaginable, and had my fist up a man's ass. I have LITERALLY done just about everything other than harm another person or animal or child willingly.   My dad died. I found out he shot himself in the head this last Christmas.    I just want to not exist anymore. No throwaway, check my history, I hate this world and what it's become in the name of tolerance and diversity. I USED to be a coveted employee, now I am barely getting calls on my resume. I USED to like running around my city at all hours and having fun, now bars are empty because of smoking regulations and I get stressed just walking around due to arrogant blacks who turn left and try to run me over, who overtake our property with no compunction, who bitch me out when I don't give them money.   I am fucking DONE.   My dad had the right idea. I cut, but when I go at least I will go into some ghetto alley and make someone else clean my shit up other than those who I care about. Let the nigs hoot and holler over another dead white woman. No one will care.     I suck. The world sucks. You, however, dear reader are an awesome person. Thanks for listening to an old racist bitch. Edit: if anyone wants to talk please comment! I need to feel helpful."	sw
"ive lost everything. im leaving soon. thank you to everyone and goodbye hey all its me the obnoxious depressed loser again. bad shit keeps happening to me. im finally done. excersisng is the last thing i have left that makes me happy. oh wait, ive lost that now too. now i cant physically force my brain to release the feel good chemicals (i forget what theyre called lol) the only way i had left. i fucking blew out my knee a few days ago. docs were no help. im in excruciating pain physically and mentally. today is also my exs birthday. i promised mysef if she didnt respond to the happy birthday message i sent her, then id finally end it. and its been 5 hours. no response. i cant even have a shred of fucking happiness. i did the math. assuming i live to about 80 (low considering my moms side of the family, but high considering my dads side) ive already lived 25% of my life. one whole fourth. wanna know how much of that has actually been enjoyable? 10 months. statistically not everyone gets a happy life, and i guess that im one of them. so im taking myself out of this equation since all i get from life is shit, shit, and more shit. thank you all for being so kind and caring. but within the next few days ill be ending it. for some levity id rate life a 2/10, definitely want a refund and wouldnt play again.  also sorry if this all comes off as mean or angry. im just tired. i feel like ive lived a thousand lives, and not one of them happy. well, maybe one. i guess im frustrated and scared for the end. hopefully ill go out with some dignity. right now thats looking doubtful."	sw
What was your first car? What did you pay for it? Mine was a 1980 Plymouth Champ.  I got it from my grandma when i was 16 in 1988. It was not overly reliable but the AC would freeze you to death.  The automatic transmission was not reliable and leaked badly. My grandma did not want to charge me but my dad insisted i pay her something. It was decided i pay her $50 a month. I sold it with grandma's permission the following year.  I sold it to a co worker and two months passed when said co worker took it to the shop for repair. The car died there.  My co worker claimed the car blew up in the shop. Strange story	cc
"Not suicidal, just empty And feeling pain all over my body, everything feels wrong you can say. it's 1:15 am.. I'd love very much to...not feel empty. I don't have much to say due to being empty. I got.. random pains.. today.. like.. randomly feeling not ok.. I want to talk but I don't know about what. emotions went poof."	sw
I'm on the edge. I'm tired of being alive. I drag everyone around me down. I can't work. I finally got some booze and some pills. I'm trying to work up the courage to take them now. My kids will be better off without me.	sw
"Just finished watching my first episode of Black Mirror, and my mind is blown. I went through about 6 emotions over and over again while watching it. I now see what all of the hype is about for this show. Any other good shows you can recommend? "	cc
"Do any of you also get randomly nervous, even just playing competitive video games? Its so random because ill be playing and all of a sudden I start sweating and shaking. I guess I really like to win haha. Does it happen to any of you when playing video games or other things?"	cc
"I want to create t-shirts to change the world for better. What topics, phrases, ideas are missing on our tees? I have a feeling that t-shirts are more than the piece of marketing for brands and propaganda for politicians, it could serve a much better cause. For example, shirts played a huge role in branding the **March for Our Lives** and uniting people across the US around this cause.  But there are so many more themes out there that require our attention, the topic that is being left aside by the t-shirt designers.  I feel so about **ageism** as a very unpopular topic, even **sexism** — most of the shirts do not educate, they abuse the theme, IMHO.  Which topics and, perhaps, thoughts you think should be put onto t-shirts so people who see them on me and you would become better human beings: towards other people, animals, planet, the world?  Please share your thoughts."	cc
"I wasn't sure if this was an entirely appropriate thread. But I thought it would be OK, but I just thought I'd make a discussion about where people live and get everyone to talk about their towns or cities they live in. Do you like it, why or why not? I am happy to disclose, I live in Victoria, Australia. Victoria is in the eastern-most part of Australia. We are rather close to Tasmania. To get to Tasmania (we say Tazzie in Oz) we can take [The Spirit of Tasmania] (https://www.spiritoftasmania.com.au/). It's a very luxurious boat and I have been on it once myself. I personally love Victoria, I also love Queensland, and Sydney having been to both places. Victoria is a pretty small place compared to other states. I often head into Melbourne (in fact I am going there tomorrow). Many people (potentially some commenting on this thread) will know of Sydney because of the Sydney Harbor Bridge - it is very iconic. Our state of course has its fair share of problems, youth crime is at an all-time high, we have a drug problem (but what country on earth doesn't?). But there is a lot to celebrate, under the current Andrews government he has been developing a lot of new projects. Some of the biggest include changes to major highways running to Melbourne from outer suburbs (like from where I live in Geelong). Many new schools have been popping up in the eastern suburbs of Melbourne, tertiary funding has been increasing. Overall I love it where I live! Summer was hot, but it wasn't too bad. Summer last year was horrible with back to back days of 40 degrees upwards!   Anyway. That's me - let me know about yourself!"	cc
"So I work as a tutor on my campus, and today I read an argumentative essay that really got to me. To make a long story short, I was reviewing a student’s rough draft essay, and their topic/argument was that schools should serve less healthy food, and serve more snack foods. They recommended schools serve “things like Oreos and pop tarts, instead of broccoli and carrots” because students think “healthy food taste wrong and doesn’t fill them like junk food does”. That’s not what really bothered me about the essay, though it was a part of it. Their main argument as to why they are right was “because some students don’t get to eat at home, and school is their only meal. So they should be able to eat what they want”. I know this student was talking at least in part from experience, but since I can’t give personal opinions about his essay (just because I don’t agree) I just had to fix errors. It really got to me however, because what I wanted so badly to say was, that’s all the more reason for them to eat healthy, and that the reason junk food makes you feel full is the same reasons it’s bad for you, but I couldn’t. I know this is more of a reflection of us as a society, (with junk food being more accessible to families suffering poverty) but it was still a frustrating thing to read through none the less. I figured reddit would have some insightful things to say on either side of the argument, so I brought it to you guys for discussion."	cc
"Daily Anxiety, Pains, And Suicidal Thoughts I feel so empty right now. I feel like I'm doing everything that leads to a healthier mind and body, but I still end up with the same results.  Every day I have bouts of anxiety or attacks at random. Whenever I start to get anxious, I do my best to notice that it's anxiety and just observe the thoughts. I accept them as much as I can. When things get to be too much, I use a CBT thought record to help reduce the attack significantly and It works. I meditate each day and do yoga each day. Yet, I still have physical pains that I know are produced by anxiety. (they go away when I'm calm and they never get worse) This morning, I was eating with my partner and my stomach started to feel discomfort and some nausea. It wasn't anything I hadn't eaten before.   Quick background: I had my gallbladder removed back in February because it stopped working. January was hell for me because I got really sick and lost 18 pounds in a month and doctors could not tell me what was wrong and why everything I ate made me feel sick. I had awful panic attacks daily.  So I was having thoughts such as: ""Is it happening again? Am I dying? Why can't my stomach function properly? Why won't this stop? Will I be at the doctor's all over again despite getting the all clear recently?""  I began crying and my partner gave me a hug and just held me and I felt better soon after. He went back to his house, and I'm feeling so low right now. I don't know what pains and sensations to report to my doctor about. They all come and go when they want. These panic attacks come at random and I don't know how to overcome them. I've done it once before through meditation, but it's back now. I am on medication for the major depression I had back in early 2017, but I'm not on anything for anxiety. I really don't want to add on another medication. The doctor referred me to a psychiatrist, but I can't afford it. (No insurance) I've been looking for a job and applying. Last week I scored 3 interviews after months of searching and two of them haven't called this weekend about the second interview and the third one is tomorrow. My parents will not pay for any of the psychiatric care. They are also a huge source of stress, so I don't talk to them. I feel like I can't function or handle stress. I cry at least once every day. I have suicidal thoughts every day. In my head, I know that things always get better. Despite knowing this, I still have suicidal thoughts.  Thank you for reading this. I don't know what to do with myself right now."	sw
"i just wanna end it all last year i tried to kill myself 3 times. it obviously didnt work. my parents didnt even notice anything. they dont know how suicidal i really am. a month ago or so i was finally put on zoloft after half a year of 'therapy' - we're supposed to do psychotherapy for my depression but really, we haven't done any of that. i just talk to my therapist about my problems, she sighs, tells me some stupid shit and i go home again. my meds do make a lot of things better, but i still feel really hopeless. i failed to get into a school i really wanted to get into, but im dropping out next summer anyways bc i cant handle regular school anymore. and idk what to do after that. theres like a thousand smaller reasons why im suicidal, but thats really the biggest reason. i dont understand why i should continue living. i turn 16 in two months but i honestly dont even wanna make it til there. i know everybody says 'it all gets better, youre so young!!!' blablabla but even if it does get better i dont have the fucking mental capacity anymore to see what life *could* be. i'm seeing both my therapist and my (way better) counselor again tomorrow. maybe i'll tell my counselor how i'm feeling, but i dont really wanna be hospitalized. thanks for reading. if you have some advice, feel free to drop it lmao"	sw
"What phone are you currently using for your daily driver? I have been using my current phone for about three years. It's been showing signs  of aging, but for the foreseeable future, I expect to continue using the phone for a while. I don't have the funds to currently pay for a new phone. To clarify, my phone is an OnePlus One phone. I love it truly. I paid $400 of my hard earned money when I was a sophomore in college university and it's lasted me until now. I love it.  I'll need to save for a new phone soon but curious to see what my options are out there. What phones are you using?  I don't use my phone heavily, only light browsing and video surfing. A lot of redditing, and no games."	cc
"I'm going back to work Just something funny I wanted to share. My boss told me I could come back to work 3 days a week since ""I'm a new young mother and in case my kid gets sick"" or whatever they thought 3 days a week would be good... I'm 30 hahaha I have grey hair even. Like lots of it. It feels funny being called 'a young mother'. My kid is 14 months so.. not new.. and I wouldn't say I'm a young mom. I just thought it was funny"	cc
"Reached out to a crisis line, but they can’t talk to me forever. Are there online chats, even just peer support ones? Need company. "	sw
"I don't want to work, am I just meant to kill myself? Working doesn't seem worth it. I'll always be struggling financially and hate working. I honestly don't see any option other than suicide."	sw
2 reasons The only 2 reasons I haven’t killed myself is because of my mom and my cat. I’m thankful for that.   	sw
"Does anyone have any snowy day rituals? Could be a full snow day (no school/work) or just a day that snows enough to be noticeable.   Back when I would smoke, I would smoke a bowl and go for a walk, especially if it was earlier in the morning. Now just coffee and youtube/anime, or clean around the house. I know of friends who make igloos. Anyone have anything like these?"	cc
"Seizures | Suicide thoughts | Self Harming tendencies | Feeling like loosing control | Unrealistic Goals Hello, I am a 19 years old person, I do not want to do this, but I need to reach out..  A few days ago I had another seizure and stopped breathing while I was at my girlfriends place. I have experienced things that I would like to keep to myself as those are.. very personal and disturbing. I feel like loosing control of my problems/traumas as everything seems to be getting way too complex for me and some of my issues may affect other problems.  Something that currently is bothering me the most is also my body- I have some internal pictures of my body in mind that will never be possible to achieve; Neither when I would work on it by myself, nor when I had surgeries; those are unachievable goals I cannot get over and which are making me feel suicidal..  Please.. help me ."	sw
"Endless guilt for teenage behaviour leads me to want to end it. I don't know why I'm doing this, but I don't feel like I can turn to anyone else.  I'm from the UK, and when I was 17 I was self-harming and falling into a depression. I had no direction at school, I wanted to be with a girl I had liked for years and years but it had never happened.   I then went out to hang out with a friend of mine because i was deeply lonely and pathetic. She was 3 years younger.  We kissed on a bench in a public park for a while, and i rested my hand on her leg.   We then ""went out"" at school for the next week, hanging out on the walk up to school from the train station, with at least 1 of her friends and people I knew from the train. Every interaction we had was always in a public space or at school. I never, ever, ever touched her or even hinted at doing anything beyond a kiss.  I called it off when I had a bit of a moment and realised that this could end up with me turning 18 in the not too distant future, and still being deeply hung up on the girl I truly cared for, who I then had a emotionally destructive relationshp with for a grand total of 5 weeks.  I get it if you think I am some sort of monster or freak. I feel like one, even all these years later.   And here I am. Every achievement in my life feels hollow, because I feel like a piece of scum not deserving of life. I barely feel like I can judge someone who did what the guy from brand new did.  I don't feel like I should live anymore. I just wanted someone to know, so that theres no mystery. I hope people suffering can find the peace they probably deserve more than I do."	sw
"I swam my first full lap today :) I am in my 30s. Starting learning to swim only a few weeks ago. The first time I let go of the sides of the pool and went into the water, I was sure I was going to drown :)  I was always sure that swimming was just not for me.. I never thought I would reach this stage. Feels good!"	cc
"Went to a college bar yesterday, and it felt like a daycare. I'm 27. RIP youth. There were the guys sitting at the bar with sharpie on their right hands. There was the circle of girls silently dancing while each was scanning the room. There was the guy standing on a seat acting silly for his friend's snapchat. And there was me, a tired-ass adult standing in a playground. Went home, no regrets.  EDIT: Wow, this is officially my most popular post! I am not hating on anyone btw, just observing a new-to-me gut reaction. I am just as silly and immature as those kids in a lot of ways, just maybe not in a bar anymore. I think everyone should do what makes them happy. Let's keep it civil. :)"	cc
"Thank you I posted the past two days.  Some people responeded. As of now I lost my job. I am sick with OCD.  I lost to my paranoias. If possible, I'd like to talk to someone about it.  You don't have to PM me or anything."	sw
"I’m going to my first concert ever tomorrow, alone. Any tips or pointers? I’ve been waiting for this day for almost five years, and it’s tomorrow. I’m extremely excited but also a little nervous."	cc
"I was about to do it The belt was around my neck, I pulled it till I felt pressure but I couldn’t find the courage to go through with it. At that moment I didn’t feel anything but right now it hit me like a brick. This is not normal, you’re not supposed to do this.  The thing is this is not over I’m gonna have to try this again tomorrow, there is just no choice left. I fucked up big time this is my only logical solution. I failed out of school and I’ve been lying to my parents about going to school this past year and they are gonna probably find out tomorrow in the afternoon. Telling them the truth is not an option, they’re narcissists they’ll never understand, they are the cause of all my problems.  This is not the only reason, I have no friends, no gf, nothing. It’s just me all day everyday and I’m tired of it. Everyday is the same it’s just spent on reddit or YouTube and I can’t do that anymore. I have never experienced anything I have just been at home my whole life other than school. Locked in this prison with no freedom. Basics thing are foreign to me whatever I know about normal life is from tv and movies. To cope I just have conversations with myself all day, this is not right. There is no future left for me here.  It seems the universe wants me gone, literally nothing has ever gone my way. Every decision I made was the wrong one. Everyday I hope it will get better but it just gets shittier. My home environment is so bad the atmosphere here is like a war zone, stress levels just shoot up when I’m here. Literally the conflict is over something so minuscule, other normal people would consider the cause of this conflict to be a positive thing but here it’s not. It seems like sanity reversed in this house.  There is no way I can get out of this certainly not alone. The drive and motivation will have to be tremendous but I simply don’t have that In me. It seems all that is left for me to do is find the courage to go through with it tomorrow . Literally I’ve cut it right to the deadline. I knew this day would come but I had hoped I would have found a solution by now, that was just wishful thinking.  It was hard for me to read many of the posts here. It made me feel sad and helpless. The suffering of the world is too much for me to bare. Some of you people are in such tough situations and some of you are so young. I wish I could’ve helped you but I can’t even help myself. Fuck society for losing all honour and empathy. For the prosperity of a few it takes blood and tears of many. I don’t think that is a worthwhile exchange but what I can I do, all I can do is whine and cry.  I don’t know why I’m posting this here, I don’t even know if anyone’s gonna read it. there is certainly no way out of this, but maybe one of you guys may know of a miracle. "	sw
my day just went rapidly down hill :( i hit my laptop headphones in the port (they have a big adapter) and bent my laptops internal Aux port. now music only comes through on one ear :( 	cc
"Please read this and think about it My life the last 5 months has basically been me trying to prove with my own life that there is a situation in which killing yourself is the appropriate thing to do. I've cut off all my friends. I've been horrible to my family. I've put myself in a large amount of debt. I've allowed my teeth to rot and have showered less than 10 times in 5 months. I've masturbated incessantly. I haven't been able to leave the house without trying to pick up a hooker for a couple months. The day before my sisters wedding last week I went in my mom's room and tied a plastic bag over my head and took deep breaths for about 1-2 minutes just to see what would happen. I'm becoming a worse and worse person and I don't care enough to change myself. Last week my mom nearly choked to death in the middle of the night and I heard her and waited to see if anyone else was gonna hear her first. I waited like 2-3 seconds before going to try and help, just cause I'm so lazy and careless. And less than an hour after my mom nearly choked to death, I was watching porn and jerking off again. Now you tell me why I shouldn't kill myself. I don't care enough to change. Who knows what I'm capable of. I have a really bad temper and very violent thoughts. I have very strong sexual impulses. What if I become a serial killer or a serial rapist? I did all these things to myself and let myself reach this point. Isn't that proof enough that I don't deserve to be here? "	sw
"I apparently have a normal life As the title says i would be consider to have a normal life live with normally wealthy parents and just recently unemployed,  Im 19 male and live in perth Australia and i think im ugly well im pretty sure.  but it is anything of a normal life i don't have any friends my last friend was a complete stoner who i let into my life and my home (he can't stay with anyone else including his family due to legal reasons) he walked all over me and used me to have a place to stay. <this hasn't just brought on the feelings, ive felt suicidal for a very very long time like my lifes going no where, no girl likes me i haven't had a girlfriend in 3 years, i try clubbing it doesn't work. I get a job and i just feel depressed more. I try to be kinda active like run to the beach but no one talks to me, i just don't fit in, no one likes me or my looks and definitely everyone hates my personality "	sw
"I don’t want to live anymore Here I am again. Turning back to my old ways. I just need help. Someone, please help me."	sw
"Lifestyle obsession. Do you ever feel that way ? Healthy people suck, they just can't face the truth. I don't know when it started, probably a decade ago or something, and i feel like no one gets it or thinks about it, but the healthy eating and lifestyle industry has taken over western society in a way that i find ridiculously depressing and stupid. You know what i'm talking about, don't smoke, don't drink, exercise, eat healthy. To me it's another way to brainwash kids into making them think that the healthy lifestyle, a house, a car, a respectable job and healthy food is the key to happiness. These people can't face the truth. I really feel like the hypocrisy of the modern normal lifestyle has increased and everyone accepts it. People used to joke about anti smoking ads. Now there are like millions of unnecessary studies about the food you shouldn't eat, and tons of really little stupid things like that. It's so ridiculous to me and i'm really alienated by it. These people spend their life trying to look like a lifestyle commercial ad. They are boring and they suck. Lifestyle obsession. Great, i'm now 100 years old, and still healthy. They just can't face the fucking reality. Their naivety makes me wanna puke. People starving their asses off in jungles and A students who at 25 realize how much their life sucks and that having a house and a respectable job couldn't be further from happiness. They told you were going to be a winner, and material possessions are the only thing you got."	sw
Peace out 31 yr old failure. See ya later! 	sw
"Am I just kidding myself? I think I've hit one of my lowest points yet, but if I had to give reasons for it, they would all come out in a garbled, incomprehensible mess. Reasoning through my issues isn't helping very much, either.  I guess a little background might help. I'm 28 and married, and I have a little girl. Not too long ago I was in graduate school for school psychology, but the pressure of that program was so intense, and they frankly didn't know what to do with me. I'm hard of hearing, deeply depressed, and have struggled for over half my life with intense OCD tendencies and high anxiety... All of this translated into a clumsy, humiliating few years in grad school, and it felt like every kind of embarrassment I could suffer, I did.  After another person in my program committed suicide, I took it as an exit call. I collected a useless Master's degree and left.   Now I've taken a much lower-paying job locally, and more often than not, I flounder at it. Sometimes I think I'm inherently not good enough, other times I feel like I've failed everyone, and I'm not up to standards even when I'm feeling less depressed. It's never been more clear to me that I'm immature, moody, have no useful talents, and am not nearly as smart as I make myself out to be. And I genuinely don't believe it when people tell me otherwise. What is there to be happy about when you really think you have no worth?   How many times can I mess up before I have to recognize that I'm not worth anyone's time? How long do I have to stumble all over myself to realize I'm not useful? And does my daughter really deserve to have such a loser for a father? Doesn't my wife deserve much better than what she has with me?  These are the questions that I ask myself every day, in-between thinking about all my worst and stupidest moments, and planning the least intrusive way to end my life.   Sometimes, I wish it was obvious that no one cared about or valued me. I wouldn't have to think about any of this, I'd just kill myself quickly and stop my bitching... Instead I have to think about what it would do to the people I leave behind. I know it's delusional to think they'll ""get over it"". But I also can't see a future where anything gets better. It feels like nothing has been truly ""better"" for years..."	sw
"Took an OD of Paracetamol, cut my wrists, a couple found me a few minutes later already. They called an ambulance, I was brought to a hospital where I was put under watch, they also gave me some stuff to reduce the organ damage because of the OD.  Why the hell is a couple walking near a spot that normally no one is around at 01:00 in the middle of the night.. This is the third suicide attempt that failed. Now there's a guy from the police who comes to check for me every now and then for today, like the last days too. I also have to regularly meet a doc now - total fun._.  Cant do this shit anymore. It's like ""No, you arent allowed to quit - suffer more instead"". Yea, thanks. There's always some bullshit preventing my death on the last minutes...  Fuck, life is shit.  Just wanted to vent a bit. Thanks for reading."	sw
"My Situation I’ve had depressed feelings for a few years now, often coming and going for a few weeks and then I’d be fine. Now everyday I have to think of a reason not to kill myself. Usually it’s some lame reason like “I can’t kill myself today since Arma 3 tanks comes out in 2 days”. I just keep losing reasons to live.   I don’t have any friends, haven’t really had any since I was really little. My feelings started to grow worse when I realized most people talked or texted to each other after school or would go out to do things on weekends (the only times I would get texts or calls would be telemarketers or misdials) I’ve been isolated for years, and despite my attempts of making good first impressions, I fail to do well and fall back into my rut of being isolated.  I hate my situation, and I can’t think of ways to get out of my rut anymore. I used to have slight depressed feelings for a few days, then I’d be fine. Then it was I’d have bad feeling close to every day, but I could at least sleep them off. Now I can’t even do that, my entire day is just the same constant feeling of hollowness, and I can’t find a way to make it stop  I’ve had a therapist before,but it accomplished nothing. And I’m hesitant to use medication as it can cause more suicidal thoughts or violent behavior.   Please, any help is appreciated."	sw
"Anyone with strict parents here? How do you deal with their shit? Ill start. This morning, my mother barged into my room (Fucking 6:30 am rn) and yelled at me about not being responsible and I should clean because I forgot to wash my dishes.  I swear to god...The only time I dont clean anything because I was exhausted from work, she gives me shit and really make sure I feel shitty about myself for not being a responsible adult just over a pile of ceramic. To summarize, I like to consider myself responsible but my mom is on a whole another mind set  Also my mom gets passive agressive that Im different from her. Im not girly or 'lady like in her eyes' im robust and rough kind of character and she hates how im like a 'guy'. For ex, I want to learn how to learn how to ride a motorbike and she said ""YOU HAVE TIME RESEARCH ALL OF THIS SHIT BECAUSE YOU CANT CLEAN!!"" Cleaning isnt gonna end my fucking life mom. Jesus Christ.  Do you have any crazy parent stories?"	cc
"I kinda want to kill myself tonight. But then I really don't. I tried to overdose in Feb 2018, it was scary, it was painful.   I just want to die but I don't want to try again."	sw
"I need help... My depression started around 3 months ago and has been on and off recently. The reasons i want to kill myself change almost every week, and recently they have been getting dumber. At first it was over my apearnce, next is about how im failure, and now its just that i want a girlfriend. I feel like no cool boys, or even nerdy girls even like me. I used to really want to loose my virginity, but now i just want someone to cuddle with. My depression gets worse every month and i really need help. If any of my IRL friends some how see this, please dont talk about it."	sw
"What sauce do you put on a pork chop ?? Yesterday I had a pork chop for the first time in a long time and I just stared at it since I knew it was missing something , it was sauce but I didn't know what to put on it."	cc
"How do you deal with extreme emotions? If you experience them at all. I'm talking anger, depression... whatever. Mostly negative emotions I guess, because those are the ones which require management right?  Personally I've been hitting the gym. I started realizing it might even help fuel my workouts when I went while really angry one day. I ran for like 40 minutes straight which was really surprising to me since I don't usually have that much stamina. It didn't feel like a long time either because of the adrenaline.  I've been trying to cope by going to the gym ever since. The only con is sometimes people look at me weird because I look a little *too* determined (when I'm angry) or a little *too* lost in my own thoughts (when I'm sad). Oh and some days I feel like crying at the gym, but I just try to focus on my workout.  I'd like to find a more... peaceful? way to cope if possible. Or at least something I can do at any time at home. I do yoga but it doesn't make my body feel exhausted so my mind still wanders. I used to really enjoy going to the gym, but these days I automatically feel bad because I associate it with these emotions and I don't really want that.  Anyway, do share what always makes you feel better? :)"	cc
"Can a failed suicide be helpful?. All I know is that nine months ago I jumped off a bridge, and it put a desperation in me that has helped a great deal. I had always been desperately depressed, and had been shoving it down, all my life. Once I finally went through with it, I realized I didn't have to worry about becoming a failure, I was already failing, hard. So fuck it, I have a freedom others don't, because I know I have the balls to do it, and can if I really want at any time. After that working on myself, actually working and making progress, actually happened. I do not regret it whatsoever. The anxiety, PTSD, and autism remain, but the drinking problem and all but the residue of depression, are gone. Am I foolish, or is the idea of such thinking being freeing, or liberating, silly?. I do not know, but it is where I am at."	sw
"I hate talking on the phone I have a friend who will randomly call me mid-text and I almost always ignore the call.I like having conversations in person or via text but I hate talking on the phone.   It fills me up with unnecessary angst and I'm usually doing something, so a phone call is an irritating, disruptive nuisance.  Unless it's an emergency, please don't call me! 😭"	cc
"It’s late, I’m bored, anyone else feel like they should be having an existential crisis but aren’t? I’ll be 37 in 4 days. I’m married with a 16 month old son who is my ride or die homie. We make enough to live comfortably and have money for retirement and emergencies. I don’t know if I just got over all of that nihilistic angsty bullshit for good or if it’s gonna smack me in the face one of these days. I feel like I’ve avoided tragedy for too long and it’s the thing that worries me most, but I can’t help but to think that I would still just have to be thankful with how good I’ve had it for so long.  This doesn’t have to be deep though. I like music and art and people. We can talk about anything. I’m not getting my hopes up for replies, just seeing if anyone wants to talk. Hmu."	cc
Is marriage as bad as people make it out to be? My parents divorced and many of my friends parents have divorced. I’ve seen a handful of happy couples and a whole lot of people online talking about marriage failures. It’s really depressing. So what’s your marriage like? How did you find your person and know that they’re right for you? 	cc
"Showering while standing is so awesome So my parents dont have a shower, only a bath, so i always have to sit down while showering. Now my grandparents have installed a new shower and i am at their place for the next 2 weeks. Boy i have so much freedom in that shower. And after taking a glorious shower in their brand new bathroom i feel like a new person ready for the summer. Any great experience you can tell be about?"	cc
I can’t take it anymore People have told me it gets better for the past four years but it never has. I go to school with kids who make jokes about Suicide and think it’s funny while little do they know I have tried to commit suicide three times this year. I have also gone to hospitals that were like jail where I was under close watch to make sure I didn’t kill myself. The kids also make fun of my depression sometimes too. I am surrounded by friends but they are all fake and I don’t think anyone of them would be sad if I disappeared. I was diagnosed with ADHD so I have tons of problems in school and work. My teachers like to tell me how stupid I am and act like I am a burden for them. My parents care about me but they make me feel depressed by telling me I am a failure and I should be doing better when I am doing my best. Our family is split up all the time and when my parents fight I am the one who causes it. On top of all this I hate myself and I don’t know what to do. I feel I am a burden and people would be happy if I died. I was camping with my Boy Scout troop on an outing and I saw a tree fall and kill an eleven year old kid and to this day I think I’m a failure and I could’ve saved him. If I did it would’ve prevented the lawsuit and all of the people traumatized by it. I am in high school currently and honestly I don’t think anything awaits me in life. I think I’m a failure and people would be happy without me. I don’t know why I am saying all of this but I guess I’m saying it because I need help and people never know because of the facade I put on on a daily. I hate myself and I really want this all to end. I feel like I sound like a crybaby saying this. I don’t know what to do.	sw
"The ""Where are you from?"" question I've lived in Australia since I was two years old, but all my life I've been asked by adults ""Where are you from?"". I've always felt that it's an odd question as I don't identify with my country of birth (New Zealand) as I only lived there for two years, and I don't identify with my Pacific Islander heritage.  I've embraced the fact that I truly identify with being Australian as Australia has been my home all of my life. Still, I get asked ""Where are you from?"" to which I always reply ""just down the road from here"" or *insert name of suburb here*. My answer always prompts the follow-up: ""No, where are you *from*?"" To which I often respond: ""Do you mean: what's my background? Or what's my cultural heritage?""  I do feel pretty cheeky giving such responses, but I wonder how other people feel about this sort of question - it's always been a nit-pick of mine in any conversation starter.   Do you use this question/how do you guys feel when you are asked this (especially the follow-up repeat question with the odd emphasis on ""from"")? How do people respond when you use this question/how do you respond when you are asked this?"	cc
Life just gets worse everyday  I am ugly I suck at school and I suck at everything I’ve attempted to do. I am nothing but just a waste of space. Why did I have to born. Why can’t I just die? Life has never gotten better just worse and it just keep continuing if I don’t end it.	sw
whats the point Im not sure Im going to make it all the way through today. Im tired of being a failure and tired of being alone. My only achievements are floating through life on a wave of mediocrity my only friends get sick of me and shut me out of their lives regularly. I cant think of anyone who I could call that wouldnt just end up being annoyed. I have the bullet here and I just keep looking at it and thinking maybe it would just be better to fade away. I dont feel like theres that many paths left in my life that will take me somewhere happier and the probability of finding one of those is small. I just dont know what to do. Im struggling to find a good reason to wake up tomorrow.	sw
"Please help, bf is asleep I'm a little drunk and my only support of my bf is asleep. Wanting to break my safety razors apart and slit my wrists. Please help. "	sw
"I have been trying to reduce my activity on Reddit, and finally have presentable figures! https://imgur.com/uScRZUu  I know posting a post goes opposite of 'posting less posts', but fuck it for one day I guess.   I started this in January, and although there have been a few spikes(March!), most were for self-help or for improvement, no random crap.   Also, this graph doesn't show it, but I also dropped typing large bodies of texts, which I have a bad habit of doing.  Now I need to work on the hard part, which is dropping the amount of time spent browsing aimlessly!"	cc
Stuck in bed and bored out of my mind. Recovering from surgery and I’m stuck in bed for the next few days. I’m already bored out of my mind and would love to make some new reddit friends! 	cc
"I understand suicide I'm starting to understand people who commit suicide. It's like, when you know you have the rest of your life to look forward to but you look at your life and just can't imagine living it every day, year after year. You have people tell you it gets better but it's been years and it hasn't so it probably won't and you're tired...so tired. You just don't want to fight through the day anymore. I think when you commit suicide it's with the knowledge that there will be people hurting once you're gone but the idea that your pain will end may make it seem worth it. Suicide is indeed selfish but, perhaps for some, they have to be selfish because for years they put everyone else first. Always gave and gave and gave and no one bothered to see how they were...how they were managing...if they were ok. Maybe they were sucked dry by life and just couldn't take it anymore. For some, life is fleeting and they live it to its fullest...they enjoy it and love it...but for others...its so long...never-ending...painful. Being alive and living are two different things. Maybe some people who commit suicide actually died a long time ago but the people in their lives were so busy taking, they couldn't give a minute to realize. Death is funny like that; it's not always on a physical level.   I have struggled with my depression the majority of my life. While those I care about thought I've gotten better, the reality is, I've just gotten better at hiding it. There are nights that I lie awake dreading waking up, living the day that just ended again, over and over. It's a cycle that never ends...nothing ever changes. Nothing good is sustained. Life just continues tomorrow exactly the same as it was today. Every bad decision plagues me and losses I've suffered haunt my thoughts. On the rare occasion I attempt to reach out, I know I will mostly be met with half hearted attempts to listen or understand. There is usually only a distracted silence on the other end of the line.   Night before last, while lying awake, I realized I understood people who committed suicide. That scared me. I am in a dark place and I have never felt more alone in my life. This is a time where I could have used the most support. At this time I no longer feel capable of maintaining relationships. It's taking so much effort and I need to put everything I have left into my children. They have to be my primary focus and I'm just not sure I have enough in me to be a good mom and daughter/sister etc."	sw
"sometimes i wish i can kill or revenge people who hurted me and my family... i dont want that of couse, the thought of someone death being in my hand makes me sick... and i know that if i do that, ill be no more then the people ive killed, ill be the same as them.... i just wish they couldve had the taste of their own medicide, getting their dad be killed, beating up their mom, get raped.... i just wish that all the people who did that, would suffer the same... kinda like karma... oh well, you know the world, it is and will allways be unfair with the good people."	sw
Does anyone else just jump on a random bus or train and see where it goes? I just finished classes for the day and decided to use my college pass for more than the three stops home. I'm currently on the way from my home city up to a nice hiking spot an hour away. Does anybody else do this? Just say screw it and hop on public transport for no reason?   Edit: spelling	cc
"Should I move? Where to? Hello everyone -  I've lived in cold Weather climates all of my life (Chicago, Minneapolis) and as I get older (about to turn 45) winters get really old on me, fast.  As I am typing this, it's now snowing out here in Minneapolis, in April.  The thing is, Minneapolis is a pretty decent city, and I have a good, well-paying job - but I hate the extreme temperatures.  The absolutely frigid winters, and basically anything over 80F (27C) during the summer if there is humidity involved - and there generally is.  Anyone have any recommendations of a reasonable climate which  doesn't get too hot or cold, and has good tech jobs?  Yes, I'd love anything in the Bay Area, Portland, or Seattle, but the price that goes with that would make anything super expensive.  I'd love not to have to drive to work as well, but I can probably only be so picky....  There is ironically some subreddits (/r/WhereShouldIMove and /r/WhereShouldIBe) but they are basically inactive.  Hoping for some lively conversation from people who know cities in the US!  (I'd love to move internationally, but the logistics behind that would be tough!) "	cc
"I survived cancer twice, in the process I destroyed my life and now I want to die. I managed to beat a very aggressive form of cancer...twice....after I beat it the first time I became an alcoholic and cheated on my husband. My marriage is shit. I have no one else to blame but myself and all I can think about is killing myself. I feel like its a wasted life....so many others who have died of cancer are more deserving of this life than I am. My husband says he wants to work it out but every discussion leads to him making snarky and mean comments about me cheating on him. I know we need therapy...in the mean time we are fighting like cats and dogs. Every time we have a big fight I get a little closer to getting the courage to take my life. I really don't want to be here anymore. "	sw
I'm in the hospital for trying to jump off a parking garage What up? I'm bored.	sw
Have you ever been the movie theater by yourself? What movie did you see?  Why were you alone?  Did you have fun?  I saw Blade Runner 2049 by myself. Honestly couldn’t get anyone to go with me and I was too excited to wait. I had a blast and enjoyed the movie. It was a late showing and not a lot of people were there. 	cc
"I might kill myself APR. 8 I'm going to be buying a decoy gun box, so my parents don't notice one of my guns is missing.   Everyday is just a little bit darker guys.   I'm not sure if you guys know this, but some of you are a lot stronger than you know. A lot stronger than I will ever be. I know that some of you have been fighting depression, anxiety and any other mental illness for a lot longer than I have. And i just wanted to let you guys know that I'm impressed that some of you made it out till the end. "	sw
"What you all listening to recently? I've really got into the song ""Give A Little Bit"" by Supertramp recently, just sounds so good, I never would have heard of the band if my dad didnt listen to it one day a few months ago.   Also, been listening to a shit ton of Real Estate - which thanks to Spotify, I just discovered it out of the blue.  So what you all been listening to?"	cc
my thoughts are quickly turning homicidal im scared for what it might do	sw
"Club lacrosse This is not the subreddit but wanted to know if anyone would like to talk about club lacrosse more specificity teams, recruiting, tournments, showcases ect"	cc
"Why does sports do this to me... I just can't help it. The only thing I ever have to look forward to in life is my love for anything sports. I'm going to school for sport management but I just can't take it sometimes. When the Patriots were down at halftime to the Falcons I got in my car and drove to the nearest bridge and just sat there with the radio on. I was able to just breathe and eventually made it home without doing anything wrong.  I've broken phones and controllers and doors and everything from getting so emotionally invested in games and watching my teams lose. Nothing triggers my suicidal thoughts more than this. Sports, video games, MTG, anything competitive whether it's the team I support or me myself losing I just can't handle it.   I was already in a dark place and this national championship game just put me one step lower. Arguing in the game thread, saying shitty things to people and them saying shitty things back has just made it worse and worse. I'm trying to calm down and do things I like but then my dog went and fucking bit me now I'm just over the line. I'm fucking done and just have nothing else I care about, nothing to look forward to, and I really just feel like I have no other options than ending it all. Idk if this is a suicide note or a cry for help. Maybe both."	sw
"I haven't even tried suicide and I already feel like a ghost I feel like a ghost. Other than with my parents, it feels like if I'm not anywhere near anyone in person they just forget I exist and proceed to do stuff without me. No one texts me even when they have something that might interest me or anything and anytime I try to talk with them it feels like the responses I get are equivalent to just ""Yeah"" or ""uh-uh"".  It's like if I'm not here anymore nothing would really change. No one thought to even try anything when I posted an image of a cat captioned with ""I'm bored, entertain meh"", which I did to incite some conversation or something but no one responded  It feels like anything I do is ineffectual to anyone, so why should I still bother not being a ghost?"	sw
everyone i know would be better off if i never existed im the biggest fucking burden and inconvenience to everyone in my life. i dont know if i necessarily want to kill myself because that just makes me a whole different kind of burden. but so many fucking people would be so much better off if they never had to deal with my fucked up self. 	sw
"It's a girl After 4 years of battling infertility, 3 failed IVF rounds, discovering my wife has two uteri, and one surgery, today we found out at our 20 week scan I'm gonna be a dad to a little girl. "	cc
"Too Scared To Talk To Suicide Hotline Operators Essentially I called suicide hotline, and I waited for about 10 minutes, listening to the looped elevator/jazz music, and slowly getting more and more anxious until I hear ""Hello this is-"" BEEP BEEP BEEP. My heart was racing so I hung up the phone and yeah, Iv called probably around 15 different times since the start of the year and I just can't.   Anyone else like this, just utterly incapable of reaching out?  "	sw
"I'm a worthless idiot and deserve to die Ever since I was 12 I was bullied, I was called ugly and told to kill myself. My bullies would beat me up, while their friends would laugh. The girls at my school told me that I'm so ugly that they would rather die than be my friends. I was told that I would die alone almost everyday. During my final year at high school my best friend moved away and I was alone in the last year of high school.   Now it has been threeyears since I finished high school but I still don't get over it. Everyday I think about them and think about how weak I am. They were right. I am 19 now, I have never had a girlfriend, I never tried talking to a girl after high school because I fear and know what they would say ""you are ugly, fuck off"", I never went to parties because I am afraid of getting beaten or bullied there. I feel like I'm just to ugly and worthless to live.   goodbye reddit and goodbye world"	sw
i dont get it I've failed. i wanted to get into a program that'll help me get into the grad school i want to go to... now my parents r telling me i have the tiniest chance to get into med school. i fucked up. i have a broken leg...  what if i threw the future i wanted away? my parents are right.. i just always forget to care and i end up doing other shit   if i threw away my future.. What's the point of working day by day and not getting a decent break? What kind of life is that?   I'm so used to enjoying my free time as a teenager.. And i'll have to give it up to sustain myself. I dont want to live that life. I want to read but wont even get myself to do it.   This is such a pathetic post i hate being the ignorant teenager but here.	sw
"i dont know how much longer i can do this i dont think i can anymore  ive burned all my bridges no one wants to be around me im the only one to blame im, ugly, worthless and useless and im tired of covering  up how i feel contemplating hanging myself"	sw
"Tired - of everything. I've been typing back and forth for a while now, but TL;DR, I've been depressed for a long time, and recently even more. I am having a lot of suicidal thoughts, and I feel like there is a hole in my chest that I can't fill no matter what. It's like my mental state is crushing, and I don't want to talk to anyone close to me about it because I don't want to burden anyone. So here I am. Very tired, mentally and physically, fed up of appearing happy everyday, even though I am aware that my life isn't as bad as I think it is. It's hard to explain, but I am exhausted.. I don't know how much more I can continue this."	sw
"I've come to the end of the road. 23M. I'm tired. I'm so tired of all of this. I can't keep going when everyday just hurts me more. Everyday, I go to sleep and there's just one thing less to wake up to, and everyday, I just seem to be more exhausted than the day before. These last few months, I've just been grinding down to what I know will be my last day.   I've always been a social outsider. I've tried so hard to make friends, but I always seem overbearing to people who just never seem interested in being friends with me. People don't like me and they think I'm a complete prick. Everyday, there's just one more embarrassing that I've done to make a complete fool out of myself. I've only ever had one girlfriend, and she wound up cheating on me. It's been nearly a year since I last had sex.  Yesterday, I discovered that my boss and his fuckbuddy have been guessing what variation of autism I have. For months now, I've suspected that I have some sort of autism and I feel disgusting. People look at me like there's something wrong with me and now I know why. People see me as some charity case, and they look down at me. I know I'm weird and creepy and nobody likes me but it's got to be too much now. Nobody is interested in anything I have to say anymore, and I'm tired of rattling off whatever new fascinating thing I've learned about today only to discover nobody except me actually gives a single shit.  I feel completely trapped. I have no money and I am thousands of pounds in debt. I am addicted to painkillers. Nothing makes me happy except the brief fleeting joy I get from films and TV and my dog. I love her. But I can't leave, and I think I've seen too much of this wonderful world to be satisfied with this place.   The only reason I haven't killed myself yet is because I am too much of a coward. Years of self harm have scared me out of anything so drastic. So now I'm trapped in this endless misery with no exit. I try to fill my time with writing this book I'm trying to get going, but that's not enough. It's not real. It doesn't need me.  Ultimately I think that's what I want. To be needed. But nobody needs me and nobody wants me. So I just wanted to put this here, just to show that I tried to reach out, or something. I don't know. I feel like a shitty person just posting this but I feel completely trapped. I'm sorry."	sw
"I just watched The Last Jedi for the first time. And I must say that I'm thoroughly unamused. Now, I just got into the Star Wars series as of last year, so I'm kind of a noob (some people might say I don't have a right to complain). But, I've absorbed so much material and joy from it that I just consider myself a nerd now anyway.   I can't even really point out what was so bad about it because it hit me on a deeply metaphysical level 😂. Going from The Phantom Menace all the way up to episode 8, it's like the story just gets really weird going into The Force Awakens.  Personally, I can't stand how Luke was handled because he's my favorite Jedi and I just feel like his character was  butchered. He didn't even get a real damn fight sequence.  "	cc
"It's no surprise that life itself can be one big competition and I often hate it tldr -  It is as if life itself is even a type of Hunger Games, or even we designed it to be that way  It is no surprise that life is pretty competitive in many areas such as in seeking for a job, getting a stable life, getting good grades and so on  This is of course helpful in some areas and failures are more learning experiences than successes    I have encountered lots of competition in my life and there was a time where I was pretty competitive myself but I will admit that I have not desired to be that competitive again  becuase there are more memories of self-destruction rather than of self-preservation and self-challenge.  But becuase of this, i also realised that I became way more passive as a result and almost every single time I feel an ounce of competition against myself or against someone else, I often repress it and that is incredibly damaging to me when it comes to moments where competition or challenge or stress is a necessary push or a means of arousal   (And I will admit that I mostly repress it becuase I know how competitive can be destructive or devastating for some. I know that this level of empathy is taken in the wrong direction sometimes which I have not found a way to counter it or repress it to some extent because it is as if withholding my own will to succeed just to let others succeed because I know how devastating the feeling of failure is)  But those moments or even years of competition often took a more destructive direction  For starters, I often feel devastated and very self-destructive when a failure or a loss happens and even before in my more competitive years it was that ugly. I am well-aware that this is possible becuase of a more personal issue such as a core belief that involves self-contempt and self-hatred and becuase of that, anything that gets in my way, I am already destroying myself from the inside.  (Even for example when there is a threat or a challenge in front of me, I often find it hard to focus becuase I am too busy fighting against myself from the inside as if my own gears in my brain are not co-operating with each other)  Becuase of this,.I often felt that I was under constant and constant competition. As if *everything* is a competition and that is really ugly (probably another reason why I became more passive becuase I grew tired of that feeling). It became like a constant state of survival like life or death. It was ugly and it was horrifying.  There was also another aspect that I found it hard to be competitive is the compulsion. As in you *have* to do it,.whether you like or not.  On one hand,. I can understand how this builds up discipline to do the more challenging things and continue to persist through it  But on the other hand, it is incredibly agonising especially if you do not know why you are doing it or the reason why you are doing it is not motivating or a good reason to do it (such as I had an eating disorder for three years and I still remember the agonising feeling for having to do the exercises and the diets whether i wanted to or not despite that there was a core motivation or goal inside that was way more destructive than it was something that was worth doing. It was an agonising and torturing feeling). It is almost as if you already lost from the inside becuase you have no reason to be competitive and your own self-schema is turning against you  Basically to put it simply, it is like the film 'Whiplash' where the protagonist is forced to push myself in his dream to be a good drummer but in a very destructive way - his own self-belief is more destructive than disciplined or positive, his desire to push was more compulsive and torturing rather than the desire to push in a more healthy or stable manner, and his desire to push was more to not let his inner voice to him that he is not a weakling or a failure or any other abusive thing the voice told him to, similar to what his teacher said.  That is the kind of competition that I expressed mostly in my life .... And I grew tired of it and I want to change it. I cannot keep going like that anymore  But I also know that this feeling cannot be going on anymore becuase I know that not everyone thinks the same way and maybe even use it as an advantage to gain the upper hand, regardless of the altruism or morality. I do admit that I often sometimes avoid the competition becuase I know how the competition can be a destructive or humiliating experience to some (call it a form of altruism) but I am aware that this is also a weakness   It is quite a shame that humans have the capacity to be altruistic yet many people condone the idea that every man is for himself and some people even condone or like the idea of taking competition to a whole new level, even humiliating or degrading their competition.   You can say all you want how awful that is, they still get the upper hand and some people even like it - good drama,good tribalism and so on.   It kinda sucks that all you want to do is to live life peacefully with little conflict but you have to go through a ton of unnecessary obstacles and competition to achieve what you desire.  It is as if life itself is even a type of Hunger Games, or even we designed it to be that way"	cc
"How much hair in your food does it take to trash it? A friend made me a plate of food and I graciously accepted it. Unfortunately in the first bite there was a hair. One hair, no biggie. I take the hair out and continue eating. Second bite, on the fork, I see another hair. Okay, a little uneasy about it but I take the hair off and get another bite. Third fork bite of food, ANOTHER HAIR. I don’t know if I should keep eating and taking the hairs off or just stop before I end up with a hair ball. Every bite I’ve gotten onto the fork has had at least one or two hairs.   Do you stop eating food when you find a hair or just remove the hair? How much hair does it take for you to trash a meal?"	cc
"Attempting to dehydrate myself to death.. again. The will to live doesn't exist in my life, and hasn't for a very long time, but it is getting worse lately. I'm a 32 year old female with 3 kids, no money, no friends or family, and no way out of this hell I'm trapped in. That is, of course, the shortened version of a life that really isn't a life at all.  Recently, I found my narcissistic husband cheating on me and kicked him out. Of course, being narcissistic he will never contact me again and never loved me in the first place. But when he went, he abandoned me with 3 kids and no way to support them, so I've resorted to selling everything I own just to get by. All furniture, all electronics, everything. Gone. I have nothing left to sell, and live in the middle of no where with no business within 65 miles to apply for a job at, and a crappy vehicle that can't transport me anyway. The thing that gets me about all of this is, I have good credit. I have always taken care of my bills, I have always treated people as well as I could and if I ever did treat them poorly I feel awful and apologize. I've been a slave for years and only stayed because I didn't know what else to do, but I couldn't take it anymore. Because I stand up for myself, and try to improve my life, it gets worse? So I sit around all day wondering if I'll get to eat tomorrow, or if my kids will be taken from me, or if my kids would be better off with someone else. I keep looking for just a small break, or anything at all to indicate that things will get better, but they don't. The number of times I have thought about being a prostitute would disgust you. I have a gun, but will not shoot myself because I do not want my kids to find me all bloodied and be traumatized for life. So I decide to dehydrate myself to death, try, make it three days with no water or food (didn't want to risk getting water from the food and surviving) and I can't take it any more. I drink like 3 oz of water, but can't get up out of bed for the next 2 days. I was almost there, I know I was. One more day. I can do one more day, and I'm going to try again. This is all a shortened version of a horrible life filled with homelessness, starvation, rape, and torture at the hands of others. I just can't do it anymore, I believed once that things had changed and life crushed me harder than it ever had before. I feel like I lack emotion now, where there was so much. Money is always the problem, and money is not going away any time soon."	sw
Friends Guys I would love some online friends. Maybe fb?  Drop your name. Would love to chat :/ feel very alone !	sw
"Adult Roomates/Platonic SO/'Good enough' Relationship (Excuse the title gore)  So, this is something that I thought of. While I self-identify as an Introvert, I liked Having roomates (for the most part) in college. Not people who you're BFF's with, but people who are just... there. That's kinda like what I would want in a relationship. I'm not perfect, no one else is perfect. I don't want kids, I don't want you to change your name. Just someone else to help me to be a better person, and a bit less lonely.     Anyone else think the same way? Anyone else been in one of these? Am I crazy for thinking this way? "	cc
"I don't know what to say Back in the middle of February, I had a massive blowout with my mom, because I tried to call her out on being a horrible parent and being half of the reason why I attempted suicide before. She ended up turning everything around on me, using my few slip-ups against me and invalidating everything I tried to say. Ever since then, I've been completely unable to articulate my emotions in any sort of confrontational way, because I've been too nervous that what I would say was just my melodramatic brain skewing events to my favor. I've essentially gaslighted myself into being incapable of standing up for myself. My world is still crashing down around me, but now I can't fight back and try to fix anything because I'm so scared of getting myself in deeper shit."	sw
"If this is another rejected resume, I'm legitimately gonna kill myself. Today marks the day of my 1 year unemployment. It's already hard enough to keep coming up with reasons why I've been unemployed for so long. I've been called to 12 interviews. No call back. And countless of resumes that I can't even keep track on.   You may say that 1 year is nothing. But to me, it reads 1 out of 40 years of unemployment. Might as well end it now. I'll post update... Or won't..."	sw
"I just had a dream where I 1) basically had a girlfriend and 2) she broke up with me, and now it feels like that happened in real life My first break up (about a year and a half ago) left me pretty distraught, so I know that anxious feeling in your heart (like you get when you see an ex in public) pretty well.  The dream itself was kinda weird. It was about a girl I'm really good friends with (that I just so happen to have a crush on and is amazing) but who has a boyfriend right now. I guess the premise of the dream was that she broke up or just didn't have a boyfriend at the time. So I was all like ""great, time to make some moves"". But no, somewhere in the dream she told me (I really don't remember specifics, it's really fuzzy now) that she was leaving the area or something and that either we could no longer be friends (she didn't put it that way, just that either the distance or her personal choicr meant we couldn't keep in touch or that she needed to get away for a while) or she got a new boyfriend.   Either way, it felt like we broke up, and now I'm feeling like we actually did irl. I've been awake lying in bed for over an hour pondering the dream, but I should have gotten up 15 minutes ago to get ready for the day. Now I'm low-key depressed about it. It'll be weird seeing her in person today lol, and it's probs unhealthy that I'm feeling this way.   Also on a random note, I had a dream two days ago where I did have a girlfriend and we meshed sooooo well in the dream; it was AMAZING. It's not like we banged in the dream or did anything in particular (at least I don't think we did), we just went about normal life."	cc
"Holy shit I'm so tired. Need something to get me through the day. Pre-dental student here. Holy fuck I'm barely alive at this point. I literally [feel like this meme](http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/651/290/d2c.jpg). It's been a rough week: I've had to finish two auto-tutorial physics units in a week, got two essays due before midnight tonight, had a quiz yesterday, and to top it off, I keep getting indigestion from my school's dining halls. I've slept a total of like 9 hours over the past 4 days. Thankfully, spring break starts tomorrow for me, and I just need something to get me through today. Any of y'all got any ideas?"	cc
"Does anyone else ever dream of the future and see it happen? I don’t know if it’s just me, but sometimes I dream of the future with somewhat blurry clarity. Then, sometime in the future, ranging from the next morning to months later. For instance, I dreamed that I would eat dumplings for breakfast the next morning, and had some sort of deja vu when I had dumplings for breakfast (this was in 8th grade and my parents made food for us in the morning).  Anyone else have dreams like this?"	cc
"Update Hi all, I just wanted to update you guys. I'm feeling a little bit better nowadays. Things are still rough but I'm hanging in there. Maybe it doesn't get better but I certainly am a little more resilient. "	sw
"I'm graduating from college this semester and I'm freaking out about finding a job. I just want to talk about other peoples experience in finding their place in the adult world after they graduated. I have plans to go to graduate school, but I need something until I start that. I'm kind of freaking out cause I worked at Dunkin Donuts and I don't want to do that kind of job again. I'm going to career services on campus tomorrow and asking for a sub-teaching job at the old middle school I went to.  Does/did anyone feel like they're too overwhelmed by stepping out into the real world after graduating?"	cc
"Can't ever find anything i like without it being ruined Tired of trying to find stuff that I can enjoy, then it turns to shit and makes me more depressed. This is fucking stupid to even try anymore."	sw
"Don’t know what is wrong with me I am on abilify maintena 400 mg. Been on it Since January 23. I take the injection every 4 weeks. I have the worst depression. I feel so bad i start screaming. I can’t keep doing that because neighbours will give noise complaint . I have everything i need. I have a roof over my head, i have food, washroom, internet. But i’m still not happy. I feel the days are passing by so fast i have hard time catching up. I have misophonia, misokinesia, SPD, hear voices, i have bad relationships. I tried to talk to women on dating apps like plentyoffish where they block me and don’t respond to my messages. Even tough I got some great advice on reddit about girls. I don’t want to spend my time watching tv or movies. Am i greedy? I got feedback from people saying ‘what more do you want?’. "	sw
"I want a videogame where the protagonist is left-handed and has to to defend him/herself with weapons designed for righties. I mean, even with some nerf guns, the struggle is real. Most people, even I as a lefty, don't think about all the things designed to be used for right-right handed people. "	cc
"I missed my interview I was supposed to have an interview yesterday from 12:00-12:30pm for an officer position for a club at y university I really wanted to be a part of, but I accidentally thought I had signed up for today instead. I realized my mistake late last night and tried to email the person in charge to see if I could reschedule, but I already look unprofessional and irresponsible. The lady still hasn't emailed me back. I went to their physical office but no one was in there, either. Just feeling bummed because I felt like that was a way for me to get my foot in the door to better things, like being an officer or something in a larger club. Plus, I had really looked forward to getting the chance to work hard to make this club bigger. It just really sucks right now, I don't think I'll ever get another opportunity like this again in college."	cc
Where can i find morphine ? İ seriously need that	sw
"I'm the guy who saw it, stranger I'm on my way home right now on the train. One guy with a bike was running towards the train while the doors were already closing. Some other guy who just got off saw him and pressed the button to open the door on the other end of the train to get the bike guy some time. I feel so proud of that random stranger right now."	cc
"Suicide does seem like a relief I used to have suicidal thoughts because I couldn't be straight when I was a teenager, I discovered later on that the constant low-mood status I was in is called ""depression"", I'm in my early 20s and I still have suicidal thoughts, I have lost my appetite most of the time, I used to be passionate about my major, living in an Islamic country while being gay _and_ atheist kills part of me every day and the fact that I'm not doing well in university makes it hopeless for me to get out, I feel like I'm in a well-sealed box chocking and the only way to end my suffering is death "	sw
"Do you like yourself? ""Love yourself so much as much as you want to be loved."" I know that I should do this but there are just times that I really can't. I think there are more things that I don't like a bout myself than the thinks I like. First, physically, I don't really like how I look sometimes. I can't really say that I'm ugly it's just that I'm bigger and look more mature than other girls of my age. I know I can change it by exercising and eating the right foods but you know, it's just so hard to be trapped in a sluggish body that likes eating. I know it's just a matter of self-discipline and I really need to practice this more. That's also one of the things I don't like about me. I'm lacking self-discipline, too sensitive and emotional, over-thinker, quick-tempered and cry easily. I also don't trust myself regarding my decisions in life. There are a lot of things that I find unlovable about myself and it gets worse when I hear what people says about me.  I read from somewhere these lines: ""Sometimes, we need someone to accept us and love us first. Then, we would learn to see ourselves through that person's eyes and learn to love ourselves.""... Maybe it's like that. Maybe it would be so much easier to love myself when I met that someone who love me as I am.     But of course, I still want to give my self a pat on the back for trying my best everyday.  I still want to try to love myself more. After all, Me, myself, as much as anybody in the entire universe, deserve my love and affection."	cc
"How to tell someone I appreciate them? I don’t know if this is the right subreddit, but I’d love to hear your responses. Recently I hung out with a few people from my grade who I don’t hang out with very often, and there’s this one girl who I’d say without a doubt is the most friendly and perfectly sociable person in my class. I’ve known for a while that she’s really nice, but after I got to know her more, I feel like I have to tell her. She is always smiling and is the kind of person to include everyone in the conversation. I decided that I want to tell her that I have deep respect and appreciation for her, because I’m sorta okay at conveying emotion and I really want her to know that she’s had a positive impact on my life. How could I do this without being too awkward or intimate? Thanks, everyone!  Here’s a little more info: We’re both teens in the same grade. We hung out a bit over the weekend for a school trip and now I know she’s genuinely a great person. I’m trying to tell her that I appreciate her, but I don’t want to come across as being too affectionate or flirty. I just want to be friendly and have an honest exchange of words. Also, she has a boyfriend and I’m not trying to interrupt that. I don’t see her much in school, only during band. She’s super modest and never acts like she’s above anybody else. Like all of you guys are!"	cc
"have you ever been in the state where you’re aware of your surroundings but also asleep? Today, during my state test, I was really sleepy and fell asleep multiple times. I was constantly doing the head bobble thing where you lean forward but then jolt back. So once I was done with my test, I took a nap because as still had two hours left.   During my nap, I was aware of my surroundings. I couldn’t really hear anyone because it was kind of like speaking into blankets, muffled sort of. I was aware I was asleep though and everything was black. The entire time, I was dreaming/ having nightmares. Every time I had a dream I wanted to end, I could end it but something new would appear. I remember having rapid fire dreams, one after another. I wish I was allowed to write on paper while others were taking the test but the dreams I could remember scared the living hell out of me.   The first one I can recall isn’t that scary, but I was having a conversation with a friend I really want to get to know better. He’s pretty funny and chill and in this dream we were having a conversation. I knew I was dreaming, but the conversation felt so real as if I were actually talking to him. I woke myself up by almost talking out loud and responding to him. I jolted and got up because I was about to respond to him. I can’t remember what we were taking about though.   Then these were the dreams that scared the hell out of me. It started off with my friend, well call her Gia. You know when your eyes cross and your vision duplicates and the opacity is kind of low do they overlap? I saw two of Gia in that way behind a black background. She was slowly morphing into different things, and it was all staticky and glitchy. It freaked me out, and as I mentioned, I could change my dream when I wanted to, so I did.  Then the same thing started happening to my friend, well call him, James. The same cross eyed vision thing happed, so I saw two of James. He was slowly morphing into different people, into a person that looked really familiar but I can’t recall who. But as James kept morphing I wanted to scream, I was on the verge of tears. Then I wanted it to end so I changed it. The transition between my nightmares were like a glitch staticky kind of transition.  This time it was me. I remember seeing demonic sounds. Which, sounds weird, like seeing sound, but that’s the only way I can describe it. Then eventually I kept morning into different things, but I kept changing at a rapid pace. So when Gia was morphing, it was really slow. Then when James was morphing, it got even faster. Then when it got to me, it was rapid, changing every two seconds. It ended with me looks like a cartoon sock puppet. Which sounds pretty funny, but after being in that sequence of dreams, it was horrifying. The idea of being not even human terrified me.  I ended up waking up in the verge of tears. I was so ready to just cry.   When the test ended, I got out my phone and immediately texted Gia and James about my dream. Gia then followed up with saying that morphing is one of her biggest fears, which scared me even more.   Have you ever experienced the in between state of being asleep and awake? Do you have any crazy dreams/ nightmares? If so please comment,, id love to know!"	cc
"Friend lost his from home job to India. They had him train them too under the ruse of expansion only to lay off his whole team.   IDK if one of the reasons for tighter immigration control is still to keep our jobs but these companies sure will find a way to out source jobs for less anyways. Companies don't care where the work comes from, and as things become more and more digital we are just inevitably going to be competing with the world for jobs anyways (or so I suspect). "	cc
"Feeling Spontaneous I've had thoughts for a couple of years but a breakup recently has made me either super confident feeling like I don't give a damn (I don't really feel like life has meaning, but at least I don't care about anything and have bursts of energy) and then something happens and the desire to die is stronger than ever. I'm so mad right now I can't find my scissors to cut I really want to do that but I put them somewhere and I can't find them. I don't know a good way to kill myself and it's making me really mad. I don't see why the future is worth it.  I don't know how to get professional help because I can't keep to a schedule very well. I want out why doesn't the government make it easier like idk maybe I should move to Belgium but I mean here we have guns so that's good"	sw
"Suicidal ideation Hi there,  I'm not *exactly* suicidal, I'm *kinda* suicidal, in the sense that if a car was starring at me, I'd think twice before moving out of its way. What I'm trying to say is that I don't want to live anymore, but I'm not taking action upon these feelings.   Have you guys dealt with the so called passive suicidal ideation and how did you manage to get out of it? "	sw
"What happens if I survive an overdose? I'm planning to overdose on my anti-depressants, but am wondering what happens if I survive? I need to have these every day. Will the chemist sell me more when they know I should have weeks left?  "	sw
"College tuition (#90) ^^^^I ^^^^really ^^^^should ^^^^write ^^^^down ^^^^a ^^^^few ^^^^topics ^^^^to ^^^^keep ^^^^on ^^^^the ^^^^back ^^^^burner ^^^^if ^^^^I ^^^^ever ^^^^am ^^^^stuck ^^^^thinking ^^^^of ^^^^something. ^^^^I ^^^^had ^^^^a ^^^^few ^^^^ideas ^^^^earlier ^^^^today ^^^^and ^^^^forgot ^^^^all ^^^^of ^^^^them.  I am in my final semester of college and just the other day I handed in the final check paying the last of my college tuition. No longer can I cross the street without a care and mentally chant ""Pay my tuition"" to any of the cars that drive by me. It's kinda surreal.  One of the factors that went into choosing my college was the fact that it had fairly cheap tuition. The price to be a full time (in state) student adds up to just a little over $6000 a year. This is actually cheaper than the tuition for the private high school I went to. I didn't dorm because the school is pretty close to home--it's only 11 miles away but due to the fact that it's in Manhattan and I live in an outer borough it takes about 1.5hrs to get there via public transportation. I also never really needed to get actual textbooks for a majority of my classes. All of this added up to me not having to pay crazy money for school. On top of it, I got a couple of scholarships. I'm so glad I have no student loans or debt to pay off after graduation.  I just never understood how people could drive themselves into debt for going to a private college or dorming when they didn't need to. While there are times I wonder what life would be like if I had gone away for college, I don't regret my decision. I have an upperhand than most college graduates financially and I'm really happy about that.  One weird thing though, I have a hold on my account right now from financial aid even though I never receive that. My coach actually emailed me about it earlier today and said I should go to bursars to fix it so I can graduate. Hopefully it's just an error in the system (which seems to happen often) but I'll find out tomorrow.  Do you have any loans/debt you're currently trying to pay off?   Controversial topic, but do you think it will ever be feasible to have free college tuition in the USA?   To those of you not in the USA, what do you think when you hear the cost of college/university in America?  What's the most expensive thing you've ever paid for?  ---  ^^This ^^is ^^post ^^#90 ^^out ^^of ^^~~365~~ ^^360something ^^with ^^my ^^goal ^^to ^^have ^^a ^^conversation ^^on ^^here ^^every ^^day ^^of ^^2018. ^^Feel ^^free ^^to ^^comment ^^on ^^anything ^^I've ^^said, ^^answer ^^my ^^questions, ^^or ^^just ^^talk ^^freely ^^about ^^yourself ^^even ^^if ^^it ^^doesn't ^^relate ^^to ^^the ^^post. ^^I'm ^^here ^^to ^^chit ^^chat.  ^^It's ^^been ^^[17] ^^days ^^since ^^I ^^last ^^missed ^^a ^^post"	cc
How to help a friend who is refusing help ? 	sw
"I decided I wanted to play a “silly” sport in college + as a reason for weight loss I’m a junior in high school right now and I’m, well, extremely overweight and have been since childhood. I’ve gained and lost it back multiple times and I decided by the time I go to college, I’m going to lose 90 pounds, learn how to keep it off, and join my dream school’s Dodgeball Team. I’ve never done team sports (bc I’m kinda socially awkward and overweight) and it’s a good motivator for me to lose weight! I told my mom and she said dodgeball isn’t a real sport but I’ve been talking to current members through Facebook and they have like a whole collegiate ranking system and a rule book and they travel to other states and it’s a whole thing. So, needless to say, fuck off mom. But yeah.   Right now it’s a bit difficult for me to get started on weight loss because I work and go to school and planning meals is just unrealistic but once summer starts, my glow up begins. Any tips especially for a busy teenager? Thanks and wish me luck!"	cc
I'm cirous on what other pepole use music for I generally use it to relax and think cirous what others use it for 	cc
"uhhhhh I’m superrrr depressed lol does anyone wanna talk, I’m so bored of life and litteraly I read an article on ways to kill myself every week so eventually I think I willl, I just want someone to have a convo with LOL I’m 19"	sw
Who pays when I go to a hospital? Last time I was in a hospital I had health insurance but I just lost my job and am currently without insurance. Will I have to foot the bill if I check myself in? 	sw
"My nephew is 1 week old He's the first of the future generation in our family, and we're all over the moon.  My biggest plan is to take him to the zoo, all the zoos, and to share my love for nature and biology with him. For now, I can only whisper it to him  while he's sleeping and pooping though, he doesn't do much more than that. Also maybe let him handle my pet rats in the future. I'm so excited. "	cc
"Who should get the parking spot in a lot if the driver in front passed the spot and then tries to back up? I was in a crowded lot today hunting for parking. I was trailing behind a guy and he went right past an open spot without noticing it. I took the spot just as he hit the brakes and threw it in reverse to try to grab it.  He got out of the car and we got in a heated debate about who had rights to the spot. He argued that he had dibs because he entered the lot first. I argued that he lost his place in line as soon as he passed the spot. I ended up just giving it to him, meaning I got back in my car and backed out of the spot. Not because he was right, but because I just didn’t want to get my car keyed.  I’m still pretty salty about it. Who was right?"	cc
"Still alone When does it get better it's been 10 years.  When I graduated from high school the song that was spammed on the radio went like ""does it always feel like nothing's changed at all."" Five years later and it's still exactly the same, if not worse.  While I try to sleep all I can hear is my roommate and how socially successful he is.  Just fucking kill me already. Litterally nobody would miss me"	sw
"Wrote this apparently It sounds very pre-teen angsty but I just needed to share it somewhere. I found this on my phone this morning, I apparently wrote it while high. I've never found more suitable words to how I feel.  I feel like I'm floating just under the surface, I'm not fighting the current but I'm using everything I have.  I just want to push past the surface and break hold of the current, but no matter how close I get it always drags me down.  I am tired  The current makes me forget the times I was free of it. The fleeting moments shrouded by its strength.  I don't like this  I just want to hug  I don't want to cry  Please save me  From myself"	sw
"Failed suicide attempt Took a handful of pills on Saturday, passed out and woke up in the middle of the night mid panic attack. Guess I will have to try again another day..."	sw
"Thank you kind lady for the compliment Yesterday I got some groceries and was heading out. I was about to pass an older lady sitting on a bench when she took a second look at me, clapped her hands together and said ""such beautiful tall girl!"" She started telling me how she admires tall people and always tries to stand straight so she'll be as tall as possible. This sweet tiny lady seemed genuinely impressed when she heard I'm almost two inches taller than her late husband. After come chitchat I again thanked her for the compliment and left. Walking home I thought I want to be just like her when I'm old. I imagined myself being retired, sitting on a bench somewhere and being all grandma like to people walking by. I would wear all pink because that's my favorite color. Maybe I would be known as the odd granny who always wears all pink outfits, maybe I would get a nickname. But after thinking about it more I figured I should try be more like her right now. Some time ago I really wanted to tell a cashier who works the store nearest to my home (so I see her a lot) that her new haircut suits her beautifully but chickened out. Going to try start giving compliments more!  Have you received a compliment lately? What was the best compliment you ever received? Or have you been the one giving a compliment to someone? "	cc
"Tomorow Iam going to meet a dog Tomorrow my mum and me are going to drive 2h to meet a dog and hopefully start the process of me adopting it.  It is a small dog and has been re homed twice before, i hope i can give it an for ever place.  I really miss having a dog when i come home and a dog will also give me a reason to actually get out of bed the house and putting proper clothes on.  "	cc
"Weird crushes I caught Cheers first time around, and tonight I’m starting a rewatch (I’m a bit bored!). I was a teenager when I first watched it, and when the opening credits rolled I felt all warm and fuzzy, then I remembered that I had a huge crush on one of the men from the old timey credits (the young guy with a smirk, towards the end). Anybody else got any random nondescript crushes??"	cc
"Today is my last day of a job I absolutely dreaded going to everyday. I have somethings lined up but nothing immediate. Basically the title. I am 23 and graduated college in 2016. I had an internship in my field that I absolutely loved coming out of school, but due to company budget I couldn't move up. They let me work way past my end date though and I was genuinely sad to go. I finally left cause this job I am in now fell into my lap, it was a contract but it paid way more than what I was making. It was a hard decision but I left.  Well I immediately didn't like the job and only planned on working here till this summer. This company got a new CEO and due to some restructuring they needed another role in the office and it wasn't one I was all that interested in or good at. So now today is my last day (technically Monday) and I am feeling good. A little bit nervous about being unemployed, but I have some interviews coming up next week and have been going strong on the application game. I really am looking forward to finding a job I am passionate about and one where I can really kick off my career. I don't have debt (bless my incredible parents) and have enough saved up for rent etc. for a few months.   Anyway never posted on this sub before so just looking for conversation about life and if anyone's been in a similar situation, words of encouragement etc.    Edit: Spelling"	cc
Anyone got a link to a pdf of ...or Not to Be : A Collection of Suicide Notes? Would really appreciate it. Thank you	sw
"I feel like i really just need to talk to somebody on the phone (uk) So I'm happy to give you any information you need. I can call you. Or you can call me and withhold your number if you're worried. If you feel uncomfortable you can hang up. I will respect any boundaries you give me.  I'm 20, from England. I've been disowned by mum and sister. My dads not around. I honestly have nobody. Went through my phone book and there was nobody there who I'd feel comfortable talking to about.  I just really need to hear someone's voice. I don't want to be alone right now"	sw
"What are some good ways to spend an 1.5-2 hour train commute? Aside from the obvious podcasts, music, and a book, what are some things I could be doing to either stay entertained or learn/improve something?  Also, not discouraging anyone from sending me podcast recommendations -- currently listen to: Hidden Brain, This American Life, Invisibilia, Conspiracy Theories, RadioLab, Change Agent, Reply All, Criminal, and a French language learning podcast!"	cc
"345,678 subs! Thanks to u/Aerioen for the picture :) "	cc
"Dear darkness Hey, it's me miah. We meet again! You've grown since last I saw you. I see you've made some friends..You and I haven't spoken since I was 6, no 8, no 12, no 13? 15? 16? 17? 18? 19? 20?   Hmm? You mean you've stayed by my side all this time? Oh that's right! You were there! Always there!   There when ""Blade"" met the dermis of this sentient being (me). Blade had kissed the dermis 164 times. His kisses stung at first, but I got used to it.  Remember those white oblong ""vegetables""? They entered through my kisses and slid down the voice of reason. They entered all at once, 36 times if I can last remember.  My tummy aches darkness. My arms, they tremble. I tire the day and what is in store for me.   I guess you were right all along. You are the one for me. I remember the words you told me: ""You're beautiful"". You always knew how to treat me. Not once did you ignore me. It was always I who had ignored you.   Well, darkness my old friend, I welcome you back into my life. Just promise me. Promise me that this time you'll turn off the gravity so that I may finally be free?  Love, miah"	sw
"Time is weird. I dunno if it’s just me, but for some reason an hour feels like less time when you start from the 30 and go to the 30 instead of starting on the o’clock. Like when I have to be somewhere within an hour, I feel like I have less time if I had to be somewhere at 11:30 and began to get ready at 10:30, compared to if I had to be there at 11:00 and starting preparing at 10:00. Anyone else feel this way?"	cc
"I’m trying really hard not to just end it. I’ve called my few friends, they’re phones are off. I called my boyfriend, or ex-boyfriend now, I guess, but his phone is dead and I ruined our relationship with my self destructive behavior, anyway. My anxiety prevents me from talking on the phone, so I can’t call the suicide hotline. This is my last resort.  I hate myself; I’ve always hated myself, and I just really want it all to stop. I have regular suicidal thoughts almost constantly, but now I’m really just thinking of taking a fistful of pills and lying in bed. I had a wonderful longterm significant other who cared about me and tried to help me, and I destroyed it. He supported me emotionally and financially until I started drinking recklessly and hurt him. It hurts to think about the people I would leave behind, but living hurts so much more.  I guess I really don’t want to do it, because I’m posting here, but I feel like I have no choice. I’m in heaps of debt, I can’t work a full time job because of my mental problems, all of my family members live in a different state, and I had to stop seeing my psychiatrist due to the cost. Furthermore, I have no discernible skills, no ambition, and no hobbies/activities that I enjoy.  Please just tell me it’s going to be okay, or that I’m worth a damn, or something. I don’t believe in an afterlife, so I’m scared. I just want it all to go away. I don’t want anyone to have to tolerate my existence anymore.  Please help."	sw
"Do you guys know about ASMR? It stands for Autonomous Sensory Meridian Response and is a great way to relieve stress and anxiety.  It's very popular on YouTube.  I find myself using it to keep me focused and calm at work whilst I'm doing menial tasks.  Have you ever heard of it? If yes, which ASMR content creators on YouTube do you watch? :)"	cc
"What small things make you feel good? I work on a cruise ship and currently there are two of my position onboard. The other guy is a good friend and we have worked together before. He goes off running/gym every day and has for the past few years, where as I don’t. I like food, sleep, wine and whisky. I’m not inactive at all as my job is in theatre so there is always something physical to be getting on with, however I’m not exactly fit  Today on my way back from getting coffee at the back  of the ship I bump into this friend running on the open deck. “Come on, pick up the pace Matt” he jokes. Well sure, fine. Why not. Get back to my cabin, change out of my uniform and into my running stuff (that have been unused in a fair few weeks) and catch up with him. Some 20 mins later I’m still running at his pace (and if it wasn’t for some bad life decisions could of kept going).  I ran on the open deck with a friend, throughly enjoying myself and life. Now for someone who hates himself (physically) I’m quite proud. "	cc
"lol sooo ive noticed that i have a tendency to match my socks with my shirts. yesterday i was wearing a white shirt with red stripes, and my socks were white with red stripes. today, im wearing a black shirt with white stripes, and well you guessed it, my socks are black with white stripes. do you consider me a nerd/dork for doing this? i have seen guys who match their ties to their socks too and thought that was pretty cool - like polka dots, colors, and stripes. do you match your clothes? like same color shoes and purses?"	cc
"I can't sleep because of something trivial :/ So, I went to a birthday party today and me being my usual awkward, standoffish self, I was standing a little away from a group of my classmates, with one of my friends.   It turns out they were taking pics and they asked my friend to take a pic for them and in ended up asking her to join in the pic. Hence, they had to call me for the pic as well.   We were a bit hesitant and one of them was like ""Do you need an invitation?"" and ngl it kinda stung. We ended up joining in and I kinda forgot about it until now.   I'm trying to sleep for the past hour and I simply can't! It keeps replaying in my bloody mind.   My doubt is this : How am I ever gonna have a social life in college next year when I end up being chastised for hesitation in taking a pic.   Rant over.  Thanks if ya read this far :)  EDIT: Thank you for all your kind comments! I actually slept and now I feel much better :)"	cc
"Does anyone not want to help themselves? Because I don't... I'm at the point where I don't want to try anymore. I've tried it all, and I've been wanting to die since I was 12 years old (I'm 28/F).  Now, I've successfully sabotaged my life so that I lost my job, my boyfriend, I'm pushing my friends/family away. All I want to do is make sure my family doesn't have to deal with too much of the aftermath.   I used to want to try. I spent countless years researching all to know about mental health/psychology, the different therapies to treat them, therapy, exercise, hobbies, relationships, creating things....I'm just all out of fight and I feel like that's too pathetic. My boyfriend is leaving me because I don't have the will to live anymore....  I want things to be over so badly.  "	sw
What do you do to slow life down? Life gets hectic sometimes. Things move fast and obligations have to me met. Faith. Family. Work. Everything.   What do you do to slow life down? 	cc
"Does anyone else experience urges of feeling you need to tell someone you're suicidal? There's times I get an overwhelming pull to tell someone, anyone, how I'm feeling. I already tell my partner a lot of my thoughts, but as they also have depression (not suicidal though), I've been worrying that I've been making them feel worse lately. Unfortunately, telling my family isn't an option. I have a few friends, but only one I feel like I could actually tell.  Does anyone else feel like this sometimes?"	sw
Tomorrow. Update. I have decided that I am going to do it tomorrow. If any of you would like to know how or why then look at my previous post.   I am now writing my notes (to friends and family) and I can say that this is the clearest my mind has been in a while. I feel a sense of happiness and joy with this closure but yet I'm terrified at the same time.   Do I feel bad about leaving my friends and the 2 family members that actually love me? Of course I do. To the people that think of suicide as selfish I can see where you are coming from; but until you have lived with mental illnesses you will never understand and I truly hope you never have to.   Anyway. I need to get back to my notes. Thank you all for trying to provide support.	sw
My boyfriend wants to kill himself and I don't know how to stop him. It's terrifying. It's killing me emotionally because I feel like he's fading away and I can't grip him anymore.  It's scary. I don't want him to die.	sw
"I just wish I could give all the days of the life I could have left to someone else I’d rather someone worthwhile, who enjoyed living could have the remaining days of my life given to them. It’s such a waste on me.  I almost feel selfish being alive while people die to cancer and diseases and stuff like that. There’s so many better people who could live for the these extra years and do real good in the lives of others and to the world."	sw
"Jetsetting life but wants to die. I'm living most peoples dreams now. I have a loving family who is always supportive of what I do. Have a loving partner who has sacrificed so much for us to be together. Graduated top of my class, travelling every few months. Have a freelance job that pays me enough and my parents or partner always chip in so I can afford the travelling to see him so we can work it out. Planning to get my masters done in a foreign country soon too so I can live near my partner. My friends are really supportive and they always want to hang out now and make the most of the time we have.  But everynight I still feel like I should just kill myself."	sw
"Reach out to someone please!!! I have always gone through my ups and downs alone, never wanting to burden anyone. Never seeking any kind of help. I have been severly down these last couple weeks, suicidal and negative thoughts constantly on my mind type of stuff. Finally this weekend I brokedown to an old friend told her everything and even though the factors of my situation have not changed, I do feel a hell of alot better getting of my chest. She just listened and didn't judge and thats all I needed. A little bit of a break. Thanks NC"	sw
"Here's a different one. Most of what I've seen while lurking here has been a more pessimistic outlook on life, along the lines not having a job and friends. I'm Having a different issue. I don't know what is real and fiction anymore. I have these confusing delusions about killing myself and waking up in a new dimension where I can be something better than I was here, or waking up ""matrix-style"". I've been looking for help but at this point I don't know how to tie myself back down to this reality. Trying anything I can includes posting here so please. I don't want to kill myself if I am just crazy."	sw
"I'm Going to Let the Cookies Crumble So I'm about to graduate college in May with an English degree. I really want to work as staff on a college campus because that work life moves way slow and I love my current student assistant job. I've had three interviews on my campus with no luck with any of them. I've applied to every job I'm relatively qualified for. I'm starting to feel down.  My dad wants me to get my masters degree right away. he thinks if I dont do it now, I'll never go back. I am so tired of being a student. I am ready to work and start putting money away. I want to get married in the next couple years so I want to start saving, I also need an emergency fund. I've already decided what I would get a masters in, Library Sciences. I'm looking into programs to start in the fall if I can't find a job.  I've got about 4 weeks to let the cookie crumble.. I get a job on campus and I'll go right to work. I dont and I'll get my real estate license to work full time with my parents while I get my masters degree online... Letting the universe make the decision for me on this one.  anyone else doing this for something now?  "	cc
"Job searching feels like a dangerous gamble right now. I have a decent stable job, but I found something much better in every aspect. It’s a job where I need multiple background checks, physicals, and a mental evaluation. I was given a start date (April 23rd) and was originally told that I could put in my two week notice once I finish my physical and mental evaluation yesterday. After my physical I was told I’d have to wait another day for my blood work to be processed. So, I waited to hear from them today. I decided to put in my 2 week notice in tomorrow (April 5th), but then I was told that the job still isn’t 100% until 2 background checks were complete and that it should take about another week. I don’t of any reason I’d have an issue with the background check, but I don’t want to put in my notice until it’s a 100% sure thing. If I put in my notice a little later I might not have a full 2 weeks of notice which would burn the bridge of possibly getting my job back right away or later down the line. I can’t decide if I should just go with it and put the notice in, or hold off until the very last minute. "	cc
"Editing My Suicide Note? Hey! This may sound like a trolling post but I really want someone to edit my suicide note or at least read over it and tell me their thoughts (if it's too honest, sounds harsh, whatever.) Obviously couldn't ask friends and this site is what I thought of. It's really long so if you're interested just reply and I'll send a link to the google doc. I'll return the favor for anyone. "	sw
"Waking up Am I the only one who is legitimately annoyed by almost everything after waking up in the morning? Even ideas that I thought were cool yesterday seem to be lame when I'm like that. This mood wears off after about half an hour though. It's normal, right? "	cc
"Jee stress 15 hours from now, I'll be writing the Joint Entrance Exam or JEE (which is the prime Entrance Exam for all Major engineering colleges in my country) and for some reason, I'm unusually calm. All my friends and relatives are stressed out, but I'm sitting here listening to music. It's not like I'm super confident of my abilities, but that stress switch just hadn't switched on today.  I love C++ and coding and would love to pursue it as a career, however the entrance exams for all the major engineering colleges in our country depend solely on how good you are at Physics chemistry and maths, so ultimately, I might have to drop my plans for Computer Science simply because I have no interest in the other subjects apart from Maths.  But whatever happens tomorrow, I know my parents and close family will always be there for me, and I guess that's what is keeping me from breaking.  Thank You for lending a ear. "	cc
"Don't get in a long-distance relationships if you're depressed and suicidal. Because going from a few weeks of spending every single hour with your loved one, then suddenly having to go back to instant messages and video chats, it fucks you up real good. I'm suicidal as fuck, but the guilt of hurting him is stopping me from doing anything stupid ... so what will I do? Eat. As if I wasn't fat enough already.   Someone put me to sleep for a few weeks until I get over it.   "	sw
"Anyone else playing Far Cry 5? No spoilers. I've been really enjoying it so far. It isn't perfect, but it is in a lot of a ways an improvement on 4 for me. Been digging the storyline, the gameplay is a lot of fun, and it looks gorgeous. "	cc
"Today feels like my day, i have the whole day to figure it out. So i'm 29 and when i was 25, i decided to eat 50+ ibuprofen, the thing is that it's anti inflammatory and wont destroy my organs, so after 3 and a half hours i called somebody confused as to why it wasn't working. So had it been paracetamol i probably wouldn't be writing this. Eventually a friend found me in the back of an industrial estate and took me to a hospital, they gave me fluids and locked me up etc. This was because a few hours before the cute 20yr filipino business student i was dating at the time sent me a picture of her creampie with another man whilst i was high on LSA. We'd been still sleeping together but separated as she was into DDLG and i wasn't but i still loved her. We actually kept that going for a few more years. By the time that ended i was very ready to make the final leap, but i quit all drugs and alcohol and managed to stare at the TV for 12 months, i would pretend in my mind i was the characters in long running TV shows in a strange attempt to forget who and where i was. every thursday or friday i would boot up a clone of her OS and watch her cheat on her new boyfriend on facebook, i could only do it for 5 minutes at a time if i had a really positive week and i was feeling good, it was therapeutic somehow.   When i was 28 i finally asked a woman to be my room mate because she was drug free and i'd know her since high school, we both fell into a relationship unintentionally, she was a successful pharmacist with a degree, i got very attached. Having tried to take my own life before i had a certain clarity of mind, this made me sharp, apathetic but also more militant in the way i would do things in life, it quickly became apparent that my new partner was an alcoholic and sometimes abusive, i was confronted with situations where she was disappointed in my ambitions and achievements in life, i was and still unemployed with Aspergers, an addiction to MOBA and in poor health. The routine became that ""i would never change"" as a vehicle for any arguments, having pretty severe short term memory loss this would compound into ways i would never imagine. Subtle things like making her Teas or buying her flowers would actually annoy her eventually, my presence would begin to annoy her. Having failed to seek mental health and giving me a number of opportunities to turn my life around, she finally cracked last night. The immediate issue is we've barely been apart in a year and a half, perhaps less than a week and i am completely dependent on her psychologically, from the ashes of my extreme relationship, i poured almost all i had left into an even more extreme one in a very unhealthy way, but this wasn't evident to her and i've just kept the pace. Now i'm left with a gripping sense of purpose to take my own life, i don't have any sorrow or malice in my heart, when she tells me its going to be okay and comforts me i can only go along with it and lie to her, whilst i look over her shoulder and roof fixtures capable of holding my weight or how sharp the kitchen knives are for self harm, finally i revealed to her my only thoughts and she becomes angry, telling me that i am trying to leverage her like a teenager would, my thoughts are how painful the experience would be, generally i've thought about a noose as thats what my friend did recently, i had already planned to go to the hardware store today and get rope but then i have reservations because i would be hurting her emotions catastrophically from my death and as an alcoholic i doubt she could easily overcome the grief.   What is most harrowing to me is the silence, eventually if i moved all my belongings and into another house and i was confronted with an lone bedroom, without her snoring or stealing the bedding from me, the absense of her after so long would be crushing, add to the fact that i am much older and have experienced that crushing pain again and again, this time it really feels like it would have a permanence. Wanting to grab a kitchen knife and mutilate myself while shes in the next room sipping a coffee is an urge i have to fight with all that i have, i hyperventilate and pull out my hair. She is suggesting i can ""sort my life out"" and win her back which is what is troubling me, this would be all the easier to process if she simply didn't love me anymore. But she is suggesting if i do enough to impress her and ""change my life"" it could very well be fixed, whilst i simultaneously caught her trying to setup coffee with her ex last week.  Today she left for work at 5am, i am home alone to process this and my dreams last night were all about suicide, it is now 7am, i have a bottle of paracetamol, a quater rum and a piss poor kitchen knife and $78, i have 3 trains of thought, firstly drink and mutilate myself and see how far i can take it. Secondly buy a large amount of water bottles and sleep in the street in an alley deep in the city and shit in public toilets and see how long i can starve and lastly, go to the hardware store and make a noose. The choices are hard because dying outright would do catastrophic things to my partner but i am in a dark place, i am really conflicted, i would really like to support or even believe a narrative in which ""it will all be okay"" or that i'm just some kind of emotional blackmailing person just hell bent on keeping my relationship, but those kind of assessments of my feelings seem shallow and dismissive and when i try and discuss how i feel i am often left with ""get help its not my problem"" this eventually lends to the idea that i truly am master of my emotions and that unfortunately my feelings have merit and i should just get on with it"	sw
"Atheist living in the Bible Belt, how do you make friends? This doesn’t mean that I think that atheists and religious people can’t be friends. My two best friends are very religious. I just find that, in my area at least, it’s hard to find people that are okay with associating with atheists. Growing up I was raised in a strict Pentecostal household. I would never go back to that religion, but I often find myself missing church only from the social standpoint. I always really liked the fellowship. Is there anyway to find fellowship like that without the religious aspect? "	cc
"Isn't Music Great? I know it's obvious, but isnt it great how empathetic music can be? Any particular song can completely relate to how you feel in the moment, or provide inspiration, even give advice. Music to me is humanity's greatest invention. It allows us to move forward. We play it at our our weddings, our funerals, and we listen to out all our lives. Everyone has their own style, their own taste, and I think that's fucking cool. "	cc
"Had a genuinely good day Until I got home and played overwatch. Had 2 people (on the same team) tell me to go kill myself repeatedly. I muted them but they still typed it out. It’s not that I was a bad player, they just hooked on to me from the start. I know it’s stupid and I shouldn’t let them get to me, but now all I can think about it how no one cares about me and 2 people actively want me to die. I feel like dying, and the plan I wrote out a week ago seems like an option. "	sw
"I've realised that I can induce a yawn Is this common to other people?  I just have to scrunch up my nose and that triggers a yawn. I've been trying it out over the past few weeks, and it seems to work every time!"	cc
Im always wrong.. Whenever I ask for advice on advice sites or q&A's people always tell me I am overreacting or that whatever I say is wrong and I'm the bad person it's always the other person that is right and I'm the bad guy in the situation... Does anyone else have this problem? It sometimes makes me feel alone.   This even happens in real life..	sw
"My second time posting here Why do I even bother? I think I deleted my last post because of how much it humiliated me. I've consider wether or not to kill myself every day for the past four+ years. I spent nearly three years in an abusive relationship. Emotionally abused daily, recodvif nothing but a torrent of bullying and humiliation from my ex. I was constantly made to feel grotesque for being half white. If I yelled back, I'd be pushed or get a slap to the face. Sometimes he'd break my things in front of me. My entire life was dedicated to taking care of him. I felt humiliated and degraded.   We never had any physical or romantic contact, he'd never say anything positive to me, and towards the end, he'd address me in male pronouns. Only women who were fully Asian were considered actual women to him.   I think about it every day. He was so sweet to me at first. He was my best friend in the whole world and after a year of a very platonically loving friendship, I decided that I wanted to be in a romantic relationship. I loved him deeply and wanted to be his wife. Within around nine months of our relationship, he turned on me and the abuse only got worse from there.   We broke up two years ago and I've been alone since then. I started working from home last August and I've been afraid of social interaction. I only leave to go to the gym or get groceries and I don't talk to anyone. I don't trust anyone else anymore and I'm scared everyone sees me as an ugly monster. I'm alone in this apartment most of the time, I haven't had a friend in a couple years; I lost them while in my last relationship. I'm so lonely. Every minute of the day I'm reminded that I'm less of a person because of my race. I wish I was never born. I'll never be happy again.   I miss my family. I hardly get to see them. My mother brothers don't live nearby. My father died ten years ago. In two months, my mother is having major surgery done. I've looked into it and there's over 30% mortality rate for women her age, 50% significant complications. If she died, I'm ending my life without hesitation."	sw
I love going to rock shows I live in a small town where almost no music scene but I finally managed to get a band together and were almost ready to start playing shows. There's only one place for rock bands to play in my town and I just went there for the first time and it was awesome! A bunch of people I don't know all getting drunk and just hanging out listening to music.  I guess I just love the atmosphere at small shows. Everyone's just happy and making friends with everyone else and you get to meet a bunch of cool people and just have a good time. Anyone else love going to shows and/or want to talk about some good shows you've been to?	cc
"I had suppressed the part that made this suicide sound so rational but now it's back It just makes sense. I don't want to live, it just isn't worth it, my life just keeps getting worse and i don't have any means to better it, nor the strenght. Could i have a fullfilling life, find a job, get a wife and some kids and a dog and a house? Sure but I don't want any of that, why work hard to get it? And the alternative is to wither away alone? I'll take the pills, thanks. "	sw
"Today is my one year anniversary of quitting smoking. Not too many people in my life seem to care that much, but I’m really excited and proud of myself. It’s one of the most challenging things I’ve accomplished, and I just wanted to put it out there somewhere.   It’s crazy, I never realized how bad I smelled, how much people would wait for me to smoke before we did anything, or how often I was sick or moody until I gave it up and saw life through the lens of a non smoker again.   EDIT: WOW! Gold! Thank you so much kind stranger, and to everyone for the overwhelming support. I honestly thought I might get one person reply with something like “cool go u” I had no idea I would get so many inspiring stories and such incredible support for not just me but everyone in here. Y’all just gave me so much faith in humanity today. You rock. "	cc
"Faced with two job opportunities. Hey guys.  I need some advice about a dilemma I’ve been faced with. Hopefully this is the right sub for a casual conversation about my future career..  I’m a masters student but I’ve got a job as well. This job is pretty amazing, it’s a great opportunity with a large company to work within the field of my studies.   I recently sent out an email to another employer, telling them who I was and how I dreamt of changing the world. It was one of those emails I never expected to get a reply to. I’m not qualified for what they do, and all I really have to offer is my determination to “change the world”. However, I got a reply today. Saying they are interested, and would love for me to do an internship with them.  Now this is an incredible opportunity. I could learn everything about the industry and it could potentially be the first step in me fulfilling my dreams. But. (Always a But). To do this I have to give up my current job. My current job is something I do appreciate, and think could have a great impact on the world, but I just cannot bring myself to be as excited about it as I am about the second internship.  So i guess what’s holding me back is if I should play it safe, and remain with my current job where I for sure will have a comfortable career, or jump into the abyss and maybe fulfill my absolute dreams.  My family is telling me to stay with my job, basically saying it would be ungrateful not to. Any thoughts/ideas?"	cc
What happened to no talking in the men’s room? I was told as a child that you don’t talk to other men in the restroom as it is rude to do so. But suddenly it seems like anytime I need to take a piss at work someone feels that’s a good time to chat! Am I crazy? Was this not a rule?	cc
if youre feeling down listen to any song from the super mario galaxy ost strangly enough it always helps me when im feeling depressed	sw
All mosquitoes should be exterminated They spread disease and don't serve any real purpose to the environment. No animal on earth has mosquitoes as a primary food source. Mosquitoes are the only animal on earth you could exterminate with little to no real impact on the eco system so we should just do it already. Fuck em.	cc
"I'm going to kill myself I'm 23, male, only child, I live in a post-soviet country. I've been severely depressed for the past five years and I think I've reached my limit. I live alone with my mother, my dad was an alcoholic and he left when I was 3 years old, haven't seen him since. I've changed schools a lot, which left me with no real friends, I've been bullied a lot, I stayed at home pretty much all the time. I've started drinking in my early teens. In 2011 I got into a university, chose a profession that I hated, because it would bring money. In 2013 my grandmother had a stroke and ended up going full vegetable, we had to take turns with my mom, staying up all day taking care of her, because we couldn't leave her in a hospital. Cleaning, feeding through a tube, turning her around, all that. During that time I couldn't focus on studying, especially considering that I hated the subjects in the first place. I had to find a job, which left me with little to no time. My girlfriend, the only person I was talking to at the time, broke up with me because we just couldn't spend time together. Then after two years in 2015 my grandad was diagnosed with stomach cancer. He had an operation and ended up in a similar state, so now we had two people to take care of. Grandmother was fading at a rapid pace. My mother was working too and she was losing it. One time, when we visited grandad in cancer hospital she was screaming at people, crying and then she told me that she wanted to die. I had to stay strong during all of this, which I did. They both died in a span of two weeks, during my finals. I had to run all the burial-related stuff, going back and forth between the university and the cemetery. Since then I've found a job, which I quit after a year, because I hated it. Now I live in a country with african-level economy, I have no relatives except for my mother, no gf, no friends, no hobbies, a degree in a field that I hate, mild alcohol and drug problems, mild health problems and a long-lasting existential crisis. I have to mention that I am considering suicide not because I'm sad at the moment. I am calm and this is more of a rational choice. What would you recommend I do?"	sw
"Is it bad that I like Frozen, being an 19 year old heterosexual dude? So, I was looking through my google play purchases today and found ""Frozen"" that I had bought for my sister a few years ago and decided to watch it. Absolutely loved it, I feel weird because I'm a grown man (not really haha)!"	cc
"Struggling. Hey everyone,  I want to die. I guess that’s why I’m here, isn’t it?  I [20F] was married to a good man [22M]- he wasn’t perfect but he was good. I was good too. But I have intense anxiety and it showed through out our marriage, I was depressed and wanting to commit suicide a lot and cutting. It scared him, so he would stay often with another friend in another town. He was not there for me and the times he was he was either very angry for me for what I was going through or holding me down to try to get me to calm down. He talked down to me a lot but I blame this on our overall lack of respect for each other. He also threw the divorce word around a lot starting 3 months after getting married.  Eventually this began to turn into abuse, and when he would get angry he would hold me down and yell at me when he was generally angry. One day things got out of control and he wouldn’t let me go or get away from him, and cops were called and he was booked. It broke my heart and I didn’t know charges would file.  After that we had an NCO against our will yet we still talked because we both felt horrible about the situation. When I would have intense anxiety about what he told people back home about what happened with his arrest I thought they hated me for him going to jail and I would threaten to report we were talking. It wasn’t right or okay and I feel horrible to this day for it.  He finally said for the final time he wanted a divorce and it didn’t really sink in for a few months. At the time we were living in separate areas and he refused to see me. I begged him to give us a chance and to help us get counseling, we’d only been married for just over a year, but he refused. He wanted out.  He began hanging out with this girl that he had taken nude photos of without telling me while we were married (he does photography). They were hanging out a lot and by the time he had finally filed for divorce it had been 3 months since he asked for it so I was stuck in limbo for a long time. I got addicted to trying to ask him to stay. He started dating her and hid it from me. So we signed divorce papers and I was obsessed with social media trying to figure out answers of if my suspicions were true. They were of course, and over the course of fighting he finally said yesterday for the 100th time he hopes he never speaks to me again.  Guys at this point I’m getting divorced but I feel so defeated. The more I fought the more he resisted. You can’t change someone but I feel like disposed trash. I truly loved that guy. And I’m struggling with him moving on in a matter of months and not even giving our relationship a chance, just texting me that he was done and that was it. I also feel embarrassed because I have dragged it. In his eyes he didn’t value marriage so it was a break up. For me I expected us to sit down and talk and actually try to address stuff and it didn’t happen, so I think me dragging it was simply that unhappiness for lack of closure.  I’m struggling hard with suicide. I feel as though I can’t be loved as someone saw me for the things I struggled with and immediately walked out. And who could love a 20 divorced woman? I have a hard time with the lying and manipulation towards the end of him lying about dating someone else. That one I struggle so hard with because she is literally perfect for him and it makes me angry and depressed that I fought so hard for his attention and love and someone walks into his life and gets it effortlessly it seems. I feel it all on my shoulders and am struggling immensely."	sw
Yay me... i was nominated EOM today My Walmart has started recognizing those who provide exceptionally good customer service and a happy to help award for the month. I was nominated for the happy to help award for March. I'm pretty happy about that. Edit..EOM.  Employee of the Month 	cc
"I cannot wait for Easter. Aside from the Easter bunny and everyone's day off, yes I am excited for Easter but for one particular reason.  I make music, and every month I get paid a minimum of $20 for what I sell from distributing my songs. Well it turns out that some of those songs appeared on the Release Radar playlist of Spotify and one of them jumped from 9 plays to 1k plays in 24 hours. In 2-3 days it gained 2k more plays. This means I get paid well over $20. I currently have over 6,500 monthly listeners on Spotify.  Easter is going to be a blast because I am going to see how much I'll get paid on that day. I have no job, but I don't use music for my career. It is a hobby and a way to let people know one of the things I like to do, kind of like a culture or movement. That is why I want to get money from it.   These are the most plays I've ever received. 9 to 1k in 24 hours? Wow. I have 3 Instagram and Twitter fans each (not followers - there are well more than 3 followers). They give positive feedback on my songs. One of my Instagram fans will DJ my songs in a show.  With that being said, I've made a lot of music so I'm just going to take a break. I've made at least 3 albums in this year, and lots of EPs/singles. I'm glad I get to do what I want to, for right now."	cc
"I just had a Crunch Wrap Meal at Taco Bell and im feeling really guilty The title states the guilt. I'm literally still inside Taco Bell.   I'm sort of obese (80kg, fat percentage is 30%) and according to my gym trainer I should loose 5kg per month. I checked my weight yesterday and I've only lost 2.5kg for the past month. I felt somewhat shame when I heard that cause after loosing the initial 1.5kg within the first two weeks, I sort of ate some cakes, restaurant food and sugary drinks. Also, my family is going through a tough time and my dad is acting irresponsibly. I'm trying to break through all of these and get a good job and a good body and look at what I just did today. I feel like all of the working out I've done just went for nothing, which is not true since I had only one meal here but I guess I'm fearing that I'd be irresponsible in my eating habits in the future. "	cc
"What do you use texting for? Be it a person of the same or opposite sex, do you use it for conversation, just to make plans, or something else?  Should you text all the time or is that boring?  **Edit: lots of differing opinions you unique individuals!**"	cc
"The validation in having your work as the set example. I love the feeling of when one of my teachers uses my work as the example for the entire class.   Today, my technology teacher had asked to take a photo of my video editing project. He wanted to show off my timeline of all the footage and all the cuts, audio alters and whatnot off to my class. In my technology class, I feel really out of place because everyone there is male and being female I always feel this pressure from them. I know it sounds stupid and cliche, but when he showed everyone my project, everyone awed and gave such an amazed reaction. People were confused on how complex my work was, and how they didn’t understand how I did it. The entire time I felt so good to have my work shown off. He went into detail on what I did, and everyone was amazed at what I had done. It just felt really good. "	cc
"Second try So I'll get down to the meat of it. I met this girl about six years ago, two weeks after I met my ex- wife. The other girl and I had a fling while my ex wife and I were negotiating a divorce, we had fallen in love. Planned to be together after the dust settled. I mostly got divorced because I was in love with the other woman, but she moved to another state for financial and family. Two months after she left, she found someone else and got engaged to him after five months. My divorce went through and suddenly the person I was dying to be with is gone and blocked me on all media. Now I'm alone, in massive debt and miserable. I tried once in February, life just isn't worth it anymore. Today I spent an hour googling best way to hang myself. I just don't know what to do anymore. "	sw
"The only reason I don't kill myself is because of my mom Any other person in my life would get over it, but I know my mom wouldn't.  There is no point to my life. I am a complete waste of space.  I know that there is enough medication in my house to OD on, and it is medication that would be quite pleasant to go out on. It's all I can think about right now."	sw
"I’m a toxic person I am diagnosed with BPD and am currently in therapy that feels/felt like I was getting somewhere for the first time in...forever. My closest friend is my ex and he’s very supportive in my recovery even though towards the end of our relationship I hurt him deeply and often, something I’m still remorseful about to this day.  Among those things were issues I caused within his friendship group due to me “splitting” and seeing those people as against me. I know I was wrong even though those feelings felt rational at the time but he worries I’ll never get along with them and I don’t see the point in trying to when they already dislike me. We had a huge argument about it last night because I said I didn’t regret acting on my feelings...only the fallout which isn’t true because I regret both but it’s hard for me to admit i’m wrong when I feel attacked..   The reason this matters is because we both had planned to be with each other again in the future but I feel like now I’ve ruined everything.   He told me last night I haven’t changed which hurt because I feel like i’ve been doing so much better and communicating better and not acting on impulse..I just made a mistake last night.  I hate hurting the people I love and I know they will be better off without me because I’m toxic and manipulative and I don’t think I’ll ever recover. Suicide is almost an act of kindness when it comes to me...it’s like putting an animal down so it can’t hurt anyone else.  I have pills but not enough to be fatal. In the past what stopped me was not wanting to traumatise someone by jumping in front of a train or jumping from a building and I’m sorry if I do but I need the guarantee that I will not wake up. My mother lives in a high rise with fire escapes, I’m going to her house tomorrow for a family event and I’ll be staying the night and in the early hours of the morning I’ll take the codeine I have and jump. Hopefully I’ll be so high I won’t feel the fear or the pain as my body hits the ground.   I don’t know how to say goodbye to the people i’m leaving behind but I think it’s best if I don’t because they will only try to stop me like they have in the past and this time I can’t fail "	sw
"What fictional character would you say you most relate to? Hey all!  I was wondering, we all love games, books, films etc. But which is one where you can really relate to the character?   For me, I'd say I relate to Makoto, from Persona 5. She is very unsure of herself and always tries to better herself, and while she focuses on her studies she isn't so good at being social.   Anyways, I'd like to hear your guys' thoughts, and maybe get to know one another :D   P.s. feel free to message me privately if you want to chat! "	cc
"Cant even support myself, should die, will die Very soon. Cant wait."	sw
"Suicide is becoming a casual thought I think I'm in slight denial about how often the thought comes to mind. The tl;dr is I'm trans (mtf) and job hunting with little luck. A better job would speed up moving out of my parent's house. They're super bigoted and controlling, so hiding hormones is difficult and even dressing more androgynously at home is risky. I worry about physical harm and more verbal abuse than usual if they find out. I just keep thinking as time goes on, life is slowly coming to it's natural end if I can't get out. The last few days I've thought about letting go pretty often, though I'm trying to stay positive. I'm still applying anywhere and saving every cent at my part time job. Positive vibes appreciated."	sw
"Attention whore I'm posting too much. I bag it all in, and I want my parents to notice, but I don't. I don't want to get better because it will leave me a reason to jump off the chair. Sorry for ruining your easter."	sw
"Does anyone else just not have any career prospects from when they were a child? I'm looking for a career and a career services person told me to fill out a timeline of my life, and part of it includes talking about what I wanted to be when I grew up as a child, among similar questions.   As I think about it, I just come to realize that I can't remember a single time as a child that I really had a career in mind. You always hear about these kids that go ""I want to be a firefighter when I grow up"" or a policeman, or things like that. I feel like my answer was always just ""I don't know"". I also don't remember even being asked the question a lot. I just feel like when I was a kid I was just preoccupied with being a kid. I didn't have career prospects back then, and I'm not really sure what to put."	cc
"None of it means anything. Love doesn't mean anything. It's all a lie.  No one really cares about you. Unless you get very lucky, you're all alone and on your own.  At least that's how I feel."	sw
"another week, another monday- i mean, 5 q's! 1. ever dream about living in NYC?  2. is the best kind of plan one that is FULLY thought thru w/ backups orrrrr the one that isn't thought about at all?  3. how often do you think some people get down?  4. where is the next meal coming from?  5. annoying coworkers = we all have 'em. why is this person annoying?"	cc
"Don’t know how to function until I can carry out my plan I have been suicidal since I was seven (I am now 31). Each time I planned, I would wimp out thinking there was still some hope. I’ve reached the point where I know there is no end to my suffering and the suffering I cause others.   I am going to attempt by walking up a nearby mountain, drinking a lethal amount and laying in the snow to hopefully die of alcohol poisoning or hypothermia. I’d like to OD on opiates, but I do not know how to get enough (I only have 3 endone and a pack of 20 Valium, not enough to do much of anything). I got my gun license but buying a gun will take too long here in Canada.  I have to wait two weeks to do this. My husband is going away Thursday. I can’t do it Thursday because I do not want my cat left alone without care. I am going to do it the night before he comes home so that she will be okay.  I just don’t know how to cope until then. If I don’t go to work, or if I don’t pull myself together enough to look okay on the outside, my husband may cancel his trip. The trip is to support his uncle through cancer treatment, so obviously I have to make sure he doesn’t cancel because of me.  How do you make it until your attempt? How do you function when you’ve decided to give up?"	sw
"Man am I happy I'm out of college. I still have nightmares about being in college now and then. About, like, being in a plane, and the plane's gonna crash unless I finish my problem set. Not too hard to interpret, right?  I get a little schadenfreude reading posts this time of year about studying for exams and stuff. Does that make me a bad person?"	cc
Feeling extremely down I've felt so depressed this past couple years and I'm just done. I started my chemistry course a week ago and it's the course that decides if I'm accepted into the program I want or not. My work is giving me more and more hours and between that and the schoolwork I'm getting completely overwhelmed. I know it's just one course and I know most of you have it much much worse but I also have an undiagnosed pain in my abdomen that has ruined my life.  It's always there and I can never sit still and feel comfortable. Just want to hear someone's advice or anyone who has experienced balancing work and school while battling depression. I think about suicide most days and have for the past year and a half. Thank you so much. Also I'm 20. 	sw
"26 years old, 5’4”, 88 pounds. I can’t force anyone to hire me, so I’m starving to death. I commented on someone’s post just now and related to the empty apartment, job rejections (300 for me), etc. My apartment is so bare that I’ve had neighbors ask where my couch and wall decorations are. Well, there are none because I can’t afford to live. "	sw
"My work forgot someone's bday this week One of my co-workers' bday was Sunday. I had Monday and Tuesday off but I told her happy birthday on Friday.  When I got back on Wednesday, she mentioned how the company didn't remember. Normally on someone's birthday management gets a card and sends it around for everyone to sign.  So I mentioned it to my team lead who said since she was new they didn't have her birthday on the birthday sheet yet but she'd make sure to add it and get her a card.  Today, my co-worker comes over and says look at this card that was on my desk this morning.  It was a simple card that said happy belated birthday.  However, the card was not sent around for signatures and it was signed ""From (team lead's name) and the team"".  Kim was like ""this is shitty"", ""why even bother at all?"" Well, I tried to do something nice."	cc
"I self harmed today for the first time in months. I want to die. I've been having a hard time with life in general. I never thought I would live this long, so I have no direction in life. I keep arguing with my ex, we're still seeing each other but we both know I'm too unstable for a relationship. I don't want to let him go, he doesn't want to let me go but it hurts so much being friends and knowing we love each other but it'll never work.  I self harmed on my face. I can't go outside because people will stare. I did it to calm me down. I want to die, I've attempted before in the past but now I want it more than ever.   No one would notice I'm gone. I have no friends. And I know my mum and siblings will eventually move on.  I don't want to leave my cats because they always come over for cuddles when I'm sad. When I spend all night crying I wake up and they're both sitting next to me, they never sit next to each other unless I'm sad.  I'm sorry this is a useless post. I just feel so alone. "	sw
"Patience is wearing thin It really is. The people who say they'll be there is busy right now. I'm home with my grandmother but I don't feel close to her at all. I feel so alone. I want to get in that bathroom and just ""go down the road"". I am so tired of missing him. I'm tired of putting myself down. I'm just tired. Might as well put myself to sleep..."	sw
"I should be committed, but that is the last thing I want to do... All I could think about at work today is how much I want to die   I've been committed before   It honestly was traumatizing   It's tough because I always felt confident promising people that I wouldn't commit suicide, using the hospital as a safety net   Now that is my worst nightmare   I'm a claustrophobic, agoraphobic, smoker who lives thanks to escapism.   If you take away my music, my tv, my smokes, my friends, MY DISTRACTIONS, and lock me indoors? You might as well kill me. I can't do any sory of healing in what is hell...   Doesn't help that I'm poor and unable to pay my last visit    I'm not sure what to do   I'm calmer now I'm home but on track to go through the five suicidal mood swings again tomorrow   Fuck"	sw
Stupid Rambling I'm a weak person. Every negative comment I get about myself I take it to heart and those comments pop up in my head for years to come. I can't brush them off like most people. If a teacher were to slightly raise there voice at me I immediately feel guilty and want to cry. I don't know why I'm like this and I wish there was a way for me to not be like this. When things get hard in my life I just start crying and complaining instead of doing something about the situation. I'm useless. I don't think I'll do any good in this world. I'll just spend the rest of my life crying and complaining. I'm complaining right now. I know that my family loves me and would be devastated if I commited suicide but I feel like i'm the long run it could help them. They wouldn't have to worry about me anymore. 	sw
"I gave my boss a recipe today! She said her stomach gets upset a lot and I happened to know that turmeric is a good anti-inflammatory. The thing is that I get super anxious when talking to people, but I wanted to help her if I could. So I worked up the courage to give her a recipe for a turmeric cinnamon latte that I sometimes drink when I get an upset stomach. I don't know if it will actually help, but I hope it does. I'm just really proud of myself for being able to do that! Are you proud of anything you did recently? "	cc
"Woop Woop I don't sleep anymore and I barely eat. My parents noticed and are now kind of worried. Mostly mad though. That's a change. I had a slight burst of energy. I think it's my body's last ""hurrah"" before I fall into the sweet release of death. That was a joke, I'm not dying at least not on the outside. (woah super edgy) I've commented on a few threads to try and at least have someone to talk to. I'm lonely."	sw
"my best isn't enough For both school and life, anyone else feel like this?"	sw
"""Love"" is the only hope So I came to the realization that the idea of love is something that keeps us alive. I went online to this old profile I had on OkCupid and someone sent me a message. It was like I met my mirror image...someone who understands everything that I think and feel...it's strange because I allowed myself to fantasize about this spark. Of course I came back down to reality. Relationships are not perfect, they're messy and most often than not painful. But for a day I let myself dream of what lofe would be like with someone who has no expectations and who loves you unconditionally. Essentially by allowing the thought of love come into my mind, hope shortly followed suit. Hope is all we have in the end."	sw
"Do you ever look back on your teenage years and HATE who you were? When I look back on these recent years I realize that even though on the exterior I appeared to be every parents dream, I was moody (crying and getting angry over nothing) towards my mom and friends which caused me to alienate a bunch of people. I also spent a lot of time sitting at home doing absolutely nothing. What's worst is I've always been self centered to a certain extent, I constantly had this ""oh woah is me attitude"" and I knew I did. My emotions were just something I could not control, and for that I think I'm ready to just mature and become an adult. "	cc
"Tied a rope in my closet tried calling the suicide hotline as a last resort, it was completely unhelpful. I don't know what to do or who to talk to anymore. I really need help. I'm crying. I'm on my last leg. I'm burned out. I called the hotline and sat on hold for half an hour just to hear someone tell me ""take it one day at a time, It'll get better""  like what the fuck. I feel fucking worse after that call and this is my last resource. I have no one that understands and no one to talk to help me figure things out.  I want die right now. I have no one to turn to anymore."	sw
"What the hell is going on with PUBG? And by that I mean, why’s it taking them so damn long to turn it into a functioning console game? It still has SO many problems. They have a relatively big team. They’re rapidly losing their player base to Fortnite. So what’s going on? I’m asking legitimately. Seems a shame because the only thing holding it back is the functionality. "	cc
"I'll never forget this man I never met A few days ago my girlfriend was on her way to the hospital to say goodbye to the woman who raised her. It'd been a highly emotional couple of days since the decision was to remove critical life support and let her pass on. So I can only imagine how exhausted my girlfriend was after spending all of the previous day (and most of the evening) by her mother's bedside and then going into work the very next day. She's very strong and hides it well but I know she was hurting when she left work in the early afternoon. On the way to the hospital she stopped by to get a sandwich for lunch. Being the sweetheart she is, she called me up at school to take my order as well. I remember being very happy to hear she was getting food. It's so easy to forget to eat when you're sick to your stomach with grief.   Unfortunately after placing her order, her payment wouldn't go through and she was resigned to leaving empty handed. But sitting down eating his lunch, was an observant bus driver. I don't know if he paid for the meal because he could see how upset she was or if it was just another good deed he performed throughout the day. Either way it doesn't really matter why he did, because whether he knows it or not, the compassion he showed came during one of the hardest days of her life. I will forever be grateful to this person who stepped up and cared for my girlfriend. During the darkest day, he was a source of light. A reminder of the love and humanity she received from her mother. Less than two hours after this act of kindness, her mother passed peacefully with with my girlfriend by her side. It's been a long and hard weekend, and she is still grieving but as the memories of her mother will live on forever with her, so too will the actions of this man who saw a fellow human being in need. I doubt he will ever realize how much his actions meant that day but I know, I will never forget this man I never met."	cc
"I watched The Big Short for the fifth time I love this movie and I wish more movies followed this format of a documentary drama with an emphasis on truth and style. However, something that really gripped me is that people in the movie keep saying ""that can't happen"" or ""that's never happened before"" or ""they said that would never happen."" The fallacy here is that just because something hasn't happened before, people think it will never happen. It absolutely can, for the better or the worse.  And if people think these things can't last for a decade or more, just ask Greece."	cc
"Quitting my life-sucking office job tomorrow to travel the world for 6 months, what should I do on my way out Reddit? After over a year of enduring the unpleasantness of surviving a buyout, continual management changes, and quarterly comp plan changes, I'M DONE.  Bags packed, tickets bought, hotel booked, F-it attitude activated. Tomorrow is my last day.  So reddit, what should I do to culminate this glorious moment of my career?  Nothing crazy or too bridge burning inducing, just a nice little farewell to cap off the discontent that has eaten away at me for over a year of my life.  I'll be traveling SE Asia for next 6 months of my life. I'm so ready to gtfo. When I get back to the States I can get another life-sucking job that pays more than I get now.   Until then, I need a good send off."	cc
"I have everything going for me and it still isn’t enough. The guilt is immeasurable. I have a great career, an amazing wife, pets that love me unconditionally, but I still think about killing myself every single day. I haven’t. I don’t know if I ever will. But living with this pain every day and burying it is getting to be too much. I don’t know what to do. "	sw
"I am alone and feel like I have no other options All I want out of life is someone to share it with and I can’t even hold that down. I’m always the one who gets left behind in the dirt to be sad while others continue their happy fucking lives without me. I just want someone to stick with me through the hard parts and keep their promises.   I quit my job that I hated. I thought that would fix everything. But now I’m broke, have a job that is paying way less and my boyfriend broke up with me. He said we could be friends and talk and he’d always be here for me and now he’s saying he doesn’t want us to talk anymore. I’m so hurt. I love him and I was prepared to stay with him for a long time. I feel like he’s putting me on the back burner until he feels like talking to me again. It hurts so much.   I feel like I have nothing. I don’t have friends. I don’t have money to do anything. Most days I know that no one is thinking about me. I’m an artist but even that seems so fucking stupid. No one is ever going to care about my art. I don’t want to struggle anymore - with feeling loved and being happy and making enough money to survive. I don’t think I could ever go through with killing myself but I think about it daily. I know it would hurt my family but I don’t feel like anyone understands the pain I’m constantly in. I wish someone could help me "	sw
"Hung over at work Tomorrow is a holiday so technically today is my Friday! That being said I started my weekend early yesterday by going to the pub for a few drinks and now I am at work feeling a little hung over. Is anyone else in the same boat?   Also if anyone has any tips on how to get through the work day hung over while still being mildly productive, that would be cool too! "	cc
"In my downtime while I wait for classes in college I enjoy people watching My friends don’t have similar schedules with me so I sort of just sit alone for hours on the average school day   And I just sort of watch people, and it’s interesting  You see how many god damn beautiful people there are in such a short time   And you sort of get a better sense about just how individually spirited each person is   You know just seeing some group walk by and sort of figuring out their group dynamic in the brief moment they pass is really interesting to me "	cc
"Do I even have another choice? I have absolutely nothing to live for, nothing to distract myself with, and no one to support me. If I don't kill myself like this, starvation or dehydration will probably do it since I don't have money and feel too much emotional pain to leave bed anyway.  I've been stuck here for a year. If there was another way out, surely I would have discovered it by now, don't you think?  I don't even know why I'm writing this. It's the only way "	sw
I'm committed to life but sometimes i wish i was dead Hi im 17 and a junior in high school. For the past 4 months ive been trying to kill myself because I hate my life and I feel pretty worthless. I've taken aeound 34 pain killers at one point and woke up in a emergency room. I've contacted the suicide hotline multiple times and it helps but something in me doesn't feel quite right. If you have advice could you help me get through this.	sw
"Ways to Distract Yourself When Feeling Suicidal I understand this is a little petty. I'm not proud of my past. I get my feelings hurt when my family brings up things I did in the past like fights in high school, sex at 14, dismissed from college. I live in the past. I'm in my 20s now. When I compare myself to my siblings I feel shitty. I dream of overdosing on my pills. Since my family sees me as a fuckup or a problem, I'd be gone permanently. I was going to write a check for my funeral costs. I leave money for younger brother. Suggest they start a GoFundMe page. How can I kindly stand up to my family when they bring up the past?"	sw
"I cant figure out why I feel this way. I have been dealing with depression and anxiety for years now, longer than i care to admit. I always feel like an outsider to everyone around me. I always feel like I missed out on a joke someone said. I feel disconnected. I guess that’s the depression right? When I was 16-17 I was suicidal. And I never had any “real” problems. I just wanted to die. I hated myself. I hated how other people made me feel. I felt like everything was too much. It got to the point that I attempted suicide. I swallowed a bottle of pills, but nothing happened. Literally nothing. I eventually got over the suicidal urges. I still dealt with anxiety and depression, but nothing more than usual. I’m now 23 and I want to kill myself again. I also have no “real” problems. I have a family that loves me and I’m in a relationship with the most supportive bf, and i have a few close friends that I can rely on. But I have this urge in the back of my mind that keeps telling me to kill my self. I cant figure out why. I dont want to die. But I feel like I’m not in control. I’m already seeing a therapist, I have been for about 2 years. I am waiting to see a physiologist because my therapist thinks I should be on meds (I do too). But I feel like this urge is getting stronger all the time. I almost attempted to kill myself this weekend. I felt numb and just didn’t care anymore. This feeling is so scary. Hear me out. I. Don’t. Want. To. Die.  But some part of me does. I feel numb most of the time. I can distract myself and try not to feel this way. Work helps, friends help, and my SO helps. But eventually that feeling comes creeping back. It’s gotten to the point where my best friend has all of my potentially dangerous meds. I have the suicide hotline numbers in my wallet. I feel like I talk to my SO and my bff too much about it. I’m scared they’re gonna see me as just this depressed girl who can’t get her shit together. I’ve thought of all the ways to kill my self. I’ve thought of where I could do it. And what would happen if i did. Yeah people would miss me, but give them time and they’ll eventually get over it right?  I dont know why this is happening or why I’m feeling this way but I’m trying to stay strong.  I hope y’all stay strong too. "	sw
"I'm done I have spent most of my life trying not to hurt anyone by ending my life.   I am 54 have enormous amount of student dept that I can't pay because I can't find work and basically I am a burden on my family.   I'm alone in this life my children are grown the last time I tried to have a relationship he like the others abused and tried to kill me.   And basically I live in my dead parents house and have to bow down to my sister and ask permission to do anything.   I can't even choose where to put the cats litter box.   Just because I'm not as pretty and successful as my sisters I am apparently stupid to.   So I am going to take myself and my unwanted cats out of the equation.   Yes, people will hurt for a day or two.   But reality is,  once your gone everyone goes on and you are quickly forgotten.   And when you are like me and everyone forgets about you on the regular anyway.   It won't take anyone any time at all to get over me.   No there is no help to get the dept off my back because if you are in default there is no option other than to come up with $$$ and make 120 payments on time.   You don't go into default if you can make the payments so.....  The most ridiculous thing ever.   I can't go on disability because of the loans and I can't work because I am a sick broken mess.   And so we go to sleep now and the unwanted are crossing the rainbow bridge.....   Good bye "	sw
"I never understood the whole ""anti college anti high school"" attitude of reddit So many people on here talk about how much of a waste of time it is to spend money on college and how useless high school is and that going straight to work or going straight to trade school or something is better. I personally never understood this attitude. I mean yeah college is expensive and going straight to work is financially wise af but theres just so many experiences to have and things to learn about yourself and the world that going straight to work will never help you with.             Going to college and learning about a wide array of topics from some of the smartest people in their fields is truly something that can't be experienced anywhere else. On top of that most people who graduate high school are 17-18 have a hunch about what they want to study but it's never really 100 percent certainty for the average person. there's still so much more to learn about the people around you and how they interact with each other outside of the work environment and just in general what different kinds of people are like i feel like an extra 2-4 years outside of high school should be there just for people to travel and meet people and learn stuff outside of their career interests just to develop more as a person and be happy with life and have memories you fondly look back on. "	cc
"So This Happened... I was working on a geriatric ward when one of the ladies began to tell me that I was pregnant. I brushed it off and thought nothing of it, until it began to become an everyday occurrence. After a while this lady left. Another lady comes to the ward, then again with I'm pregnant every time she sees me. Three weeks later this lady ladie is discharged and another new lady comes and see says while I'm feeding her dinner that I am in fact pregnant. I was shocked! No word of a lie, the yogurt pudding nearly fell of the spoon with the body movement I made due to shock. I leaned in and asked this nice lady, are you talking about me? She replied, ""Yes, you. You're pregnant."" At this point, my face resembles the figure from the painting the scream. Not exactly what you want to see from the person feeding you. After she was done eating, I removed myself from the bay and went into a mini what the fudge mode! After pulling myself together in the most British way I could, I resumed my duties.   When my long shift was over that night, I began thinking about all the women calling me pregnant. When I got home I checked if I had the classic bun in the oven look (visibly pregnant) I concluded I didn't and even asked those around me if I did. They confirmed that I did not. This creeped me out even more.   This calling my pregnant happened every time the women saw me, even if they weren't under my care that shift. They were not on the ward at the time same time, did not come from the same home and did not meet previously in the hospital due to the time period. Needless to say I was baffled as all hell!   FYI: I'm not pregnant, I'm a virgin. I told my parents and my father asked if there was something I needed to tell him. I swiftly explained that I'm definitely not pregnant. Coming from my background a woman needs to have a nikkah (get married) then go forth and reproduce.   Looking back (only 2 months ago) it was creepy as hell at the time but it is funny now. Maybe I just have a pregnant women aura? I don't know. Some people say that the old women may be alluding to the not to so distant future.   What do you think?     *This is a real story. Hard to believe I know. The stuff you get in this job! :D* "	cc
"I fuckin' hate life if truth be told. It's just a load of bullshit and bullshit on top of each other. I really fucking hate life, it's shit. Nobody 'has your back', nobody is 'there for you'. They always leave when you need it the most."	sw
"Where do you keep your keys When you go out? When you go out, and obviously take your house/car assorted keys with you, where do you put them?  I am afraid of losing my keys as I have done it before so if you're reading this now check to make sure you have your keys and then tell me where you keep them. "	cc
"I want to quit vaping, but it's so hard! I had my first cigarette when I was 14. I didn't get hooked because me and my friends didn't even know how to smoke properly so we didn't inhale the smoke. Flash forward 4 years, I went to college. The moment my parents left I went out and bought a pack. I started doing it the right way. I inhaled the smoke and it felt so good. I smoked about a pack a day for 5 years and I switched to vaping.  This was a lot better. It tasted better and it didn't stink. I replaced cigarettes with my e cigarette. I don't smoke anymore, but I vape so much. Of course my e-liquid has nicotine. If I go more than 2 hours without it I feel really bad. I get frustrated and it is all I can think. I think it's time to stop, but man this is hard. "	cc
"I think next week I have Monday off so,yeah,goodbye I guess "	sw
"I feel so stuck. I can't really believe im writing this right now, but here i am, and i feel like im moreso just trying to lay it all out in words for myself, because my mind is so messed up and confused and i really dont know how to feel and/or what to do  im 17, and my a levels are going to shit. i havent even done my coursework thats overdue for 3 months. My teachers have given me so much extra time its crazy, now its due in a week and i still havent even fucking done the shit but at the same time i cant be arsed, i cant deal with it, its just too much but at the same time i have nowhere else to go  sometimes i have to ground myself because i feel so out of it sometimes, like i need to stroke a rough piece of metal or wood because it brings me back to earth and makes it all feel real again. Sometimes i take a look at my surroundings too closely and the 3D image of life overwhelms me. Its so surreal that i need to close my eyes and just listen to my own breathing to calm me down.  (I just want you to know that im not mental. This is only occasionally, i dont constantly feel like this, but moments like this do put me into existential issues and really make me feel strange.)  Moments like this cause numbness and the numbness leads to shit, like right now i have a strong desire for someone to beat me up so bad theres blood or for me to harm myself, i dont mean to be explicit but the sight of blood from myself is something i crave because it makes me feel human.  Im writing this slightly intoxicated because i know sober me would cringe at me writing about this. but now i just cant hold it in. i cant tell anyone i know so im just spilling it here. to be honest i need to hurry before i sober up.  sometimes i take moments where i just listen to music and think about things in too much depth, i think about how much i want to die but im scared of what happens after death. I am not religious, but i feel like there is not nothing, and i am terrified of whatever is to come. and even the thought of nothingness is not comforting to me. The idea of my ""soul"" or mental character just disappearing forever is something that is so horrifying to me for it is all i am. The idea of my mere presence not existing anymore is such a foreign concept for it is all i know. I know myself over anyone and everything, not that i think i am superior but i am the only one ever to know my thoughts  Anyway this is nonsense, i cant write anymore despite me having so much more to say. I just needed to write some jibberish thoughts. For anyone who reads this, please tell me what to do Thanks  "	sw
"Any other Creatives out there struggling? Growing up I was always thankful that I knew what I wanted to do. I didn't know the details but I knew ""I have to follow my passion of drawing."" I was on the path to do everything I wanted but then all of the open doors of opportunity closed simultaneously. My college was bought out. They shut down my major, I lost my friends, and I lost my home. Now I'm out in the middle of nowhere. I've been here for two years trying so hard to adjust but it's like I don't belong. Not only do I not want to be here but every opportunity I try to take they don't want me. Right now the only way I can exercise my creativity is through YouTube. Should I try harder to involve myself with Reddit? Do I just keep posting videos on YouTube? What should I do? "	cc
"slipping back into suicidal thoughts I'm not entirely sold on the idea yet, I would have to see just how bad my life is going to get first, but here's my story:  Growing up I didn't have too much to live for. I had a good family at home and grew up in a middle class environment, but that's where the good fortunes kinda ended. Not to belittle how great those are, because had I not had those aspects of my life growing up, I probably would be committed or dead right now. But the rest of the story goes like this: I got bullied a lot until high school. I was fat, eccentric, a bit effeminate, and a minority in a whitewashed town. It started off with targeting me and making me look like a fool, and I tried to kill myself when I was 11 because of it. It got worse over time. I've been called everything from the n-word to insults commonly used against Hispanics and Indians (I'm both), told to go back to my home country, and beat up because of my appearance. I was molested when I was 14 by a school bully who pulled my pants down so that my dick was hanging out, and then the following day proceeded to grope me. It made me really angry and sad, and I was scared to masturbate until I was 18. During and around this time, I started to become really inward and cold towards people, including my family, who I was very hostile and distant towards until I was 18.  Shortly thereafter, I began to figure out how to fit in with the kids that were making my life a living hell. I realized certain aspects of myself had to be pushed away, and certain behaviors had to be toned down or hidden. Interests as well, and I couldn't risk tainting my image by dating a girl who wasn't considered to be acceptable by my peer's standards, otherwise I'd be bullied again. But the girls that were everyone's desires weren't attracted to me, because I wasn't really high up there on the totem pole either looks wise or popularity wise. That didn't bother me, but what did bother me was that if I simply didn't want to get picked on, I had to literally live a life that did not allow me to be fundamentally human. I couldn't express myself at all, I had to monitor who I kept in my circle strictly, and dating was pretty much off the table. As a teenager, that was very destructive for me. I also tried to, and many minorities can relate to this, 'whiten up'. I tried 'acting white', identifying as white (I'm mixed race), and while I was never racist, I was very resentful of my ethnic background, which made me somewhat angry at my mother, who was the reason I was a POC. I had nobody to vent to about these frustrations, as I felt too distant from my parents, too distrusting of my peers, and my closest friends were dealing with far worse issues that I didn't want to burden them with. So I took them out online, being a 'troll' as it were. I made a fake persona that was a loose portrayal of my real life, and my biggest (pretty much my only) target was women, or myself. In my real life, I was respectful, timid, and pretty self-effacing around women, be it family, friends, or girls I was attracted to. But when I would talk with friends, and moreover, when I would talk online, I would absolutely shit on women. Every slur you could think of, mocking them, objectifying them, et al. I did this for three reasons: 1) The guys I wanted to fit in with, who were either bullying me or were friends with bullies, almost always behaved this way. Only one guy I know wasn't like this that was in that group. He was a good dude. 2) Besides being a minority, having 'feminine' interests (writing, art, fashion, music...) got me bullied a lot too. I was also shamed for having crushes to the point where I couldn't even admit to myself that I was attracted to girls. It made me hateful of anything feminine, and considering femininity was initially conceived as a way to stereotype womanhood, I hated women for being feminine. I saw them as my adversaries because what society had attributed to them I thought was inherent of them, and I knew that it made me get bullied. I couldn't stand them because of that. 3) After being molested, I was super insecure and withdrawn about my sexuality. I didn't masturbate, I didn't date, I only really had any remote romantic involvement with one girl in high school and that was just conversational and a meetup once. I hated the fact that I felt sexual attraction to girls, because it made me feel helpless and vulnerable, like the time when I got molested. So I was resentful of those feelings, and lashed out in private about women. Icing on the cake was that I didn't really know what feminism was, so I assumed ignorantly that it was just women blindly hating men. So I would wreak havoc online with insulting women. Never directed at a particular woman, sent to a woman, or about a woman, but just blind insults to women in general. I would piss people off, and I ended up going completely fucking insane with this persona. It became like a Mr. Hyde for me. By day I was mild mannered, quiet, and genuinely decent to people, but all of my insecurities and anger were released into this ugly capsule. I also tried killing myself when I was 17, and the only reason I survived was because I didn't cut myself deep enough. I bled out for 11 minute profusely. I soaked through an entire roll of toilet paper, a gym bag I had, and a few towels. It was absolutely terrifying. I was getting really bad dry mouth towards the end, and I felt like I was going to pass out. Had I not stopped bleeding then, I would have probably needed to go to the hospital. My parents, who had been throwing me in and out of therapy, assuming I had something wrong even though I kept it hidden by being hateful and withdrawn towards them, never found this out. I vehemently denied it, saying my cat scratched me, and eventually they gave up trying to figure it out. I knew that if they found out what I did, I'd be doped up on meds and potentially put away in a mental hospital. I knew I had no chemical imbalances, my surroundings were just driving me insane. I had derealization syndrome, I was having a hard time sleeping, and panic attacks were regular occurrences. I was snapping, but I knew it wasn't a chemical problem. If they started doping me up and locking me away like I was insane, then I would turn insane, and I'd be a victim of my circumstances completely.  And then I went to college.  As I was graduating high school, I made a point of losing weight. I didn't care about my looks, I didn't care about what people said about me (and even when I was in high school and relatively popular, people chimed in about my minority status and weight a lot), I just wanted to get fit. I was ridiculously out of shape, and although I was strong due to working out, you wouldn't know it because I was a slob. I lost a lot of weight, and put a lot of muscle on, around the last month of school was when I had mostly evened out. I lost a little more weight over the summer, and I moved into college.  In high school, I didn't really pay attention to girls. I was very on edge about being at all vulnerable, so I was voluntarily withdrawn from dating. Even when I was fat though, a good amount of girls had found me attractive. Mostly creepy ones who stalked me or obsessed over me, but at least it was something. When I got to college, I had come to terms with that I wasn't a good looking guy. I was just not what women wanted, both as a person and with my looks. I was content with this, accepting of it, and found comfort in it. I set my expectations realistically, and kept to myself. But, apparently, I found out I was actually pretty hot once I got in shape. Girls who I never even fathomed would ever find me attractive were losing their minds over me, dozens of them. I was told I should go into porn once, and I did a modeling shoot with a friend. It was kind of surreal. It also led to me getting sexually assaulted, and meeting a lot of girls who although attracted to me, treated me like crap. I withdrew inward, but my bitterness towards women was declining. I had become more accepted for who I was at college, and the progressive nature towards gender dynamics that colleges can foster made me more comfortable to be myself. I was still really down on myself because of my personality however.  The nail in the coffin for my misogyny, and the beginnings of me losing my self-hatred, was when I took this random class by an exceptional professor that ended up being about racism and sexism. Prior to this class, I had, despite racist insults, convinced myself I was white. I was still pretty iffy about feminism, but I had greatly toned down the outright hatefulness I used to express online, and even sympathized with a good bit of modern feminism. But when I took this class, and saw the facts presented to me about these things, I realized I was never white at all despite being a light-skinned person, and that feminism not only benefited women, but it REALLY benefits men. Especially for a guy like me, who wasn't really a stereotypical male, feminism stood up for guys like me to express themselves, as well as demanding equity for women. I completely dropped being sexist after that, whether online, in real life, or in jest. It was a learning process to unlearn that stuff, but I got there. And slowly but surely, I ended up becoming more comfortable, caring, accepting, and even loving of myself. Appreciative of who I was. Honestly, it was incredible how much getting in shape, actually interacting with women, and learning about women's issues changed my perception of things. I realized just how disgusting sexism was, and how even as a joke, it was really shitty to behave in a sexist way. I wouldn't say I'm a feminist, only because I think I may have waived the ability to be one in the days of my youth, but I absolutely agree with their sentiments.  Fast forward to my senior year. I'm about to wrap it up. Based off of what I previously wrote, you'd think I had a good directional change for my life path, and was ready to start life anew. Well, that didn't happen. I chose a major that I was best suited for, which was communications, specifically advertising. I did well in college, I have internship experience, was involved at school, et cetera. But I realized that the field I'm qualified to work in via this degree raises major ethical concerns for me, particularly regarding privacy. These were concerns I was also unaware of until it was too late into the major track for me to switch, unless I wanted to stay an extra year, which I do not have the economic means for. The corporate environment for advertising is known for its sexism and racism, which I refuse to tolerate at my workspace, but I also will have to be tethered to social media, and be involved with big data collection. Ever since I was in high school I was up to date with the hideous things the American government, and other world governments, do to enforce digital surveillance without or knowledge. I am vehemently against it, and given recent leaks about social media surveillance, stuff I've learned in my advertising classes about it, and the most recent Cambridge Analytica scandal on Facebook, I've withdrawn from social media completely. I haven't been removed from social media in eight years, now I'm completely off. I also refuse to engage in practices, or be a part of a direct process, of obtaining, deciphering, or using big data to construct essentially artificial digital worlds for people via rigged advertising and selective searches. Couple this with demanding, erratic hours, and potentially having to be international at random times at a moment's notice, and the corporate level of what I'm qualified to work in does not look like the job for me. Problem is, the nonprofit sector of what I'm studying pays so little I would be better off working a full-time retail position at or around minimum wage. Elsewhere in comm, I either lack the qualifications to go into it (broadcasting), it is relatively as corrupt (public relations), or the corporate environment and pay is even worse (journalism). So at the moment, and in the foreseeable future, I'm fucked. I'm applying to jobs in New York City, where I attend school, and could probably shack up with a friend (splitting rent and utilities obviously) if I can get a solid blue collar job. But if I don't find that, and that's definitely not a guarantee, I will have to move back home. Networking and job opportunities are scarce, as it is in an outdated little town, and again, the racist bullshit is everywhere. And the sexism. Quite frankly, when I'm there for too long it triggers old feelings of sadness and self-hate. It's not healthy for me to be back there, and if I'm stuck in that town, I may end up being there forever. I'm also single, and the loneliness is getting to me (I've got a decidedly small circle at school, and we're all very busy right now as seniors, so I'm alone a lot. It's hard to fall asleep sometimes because of it). I don't like most of the women where I grew up, and I have little desire to try dating where I'm from. I don't date white women as a personal choice of preservation for my ethnic roots, so it's very hard to find POC women where I'm from, let alone ones who I am compatible with. There's little in the way of socializing, and most of the people where I'm from are considerably older than me. Having no job, or a part time job that I could have gotten in high school, in a hometown that ends up being taxing on my mental health to live in, all alone, and with no change in sight, will definitely not yield positive results for me.  The linchpin for the suicidal desires comes in the form of pursuing a passion of mine. Since I was 10, I rapped. I did it to escape my everyday problems. I quit it upon attempting to kill myself for the last time in high school, and stopped rapping for five years. As my life has been spinning out of control recently due to my impending graduation and bleak outlook, I've gotten back into rapping, and taught myself how to produce. Turns out, the stuff is coming out pretty damn good. A few very small time bloggers have checked it out (who don't know me personally and regularly shit on people who show them music, so they're not sycophants), and my friends and family, and on all fronts I get notably positive reception. There's even, it's incredibly small but it's existent, anticipation for a project I'm going to put out. All well and good, but the problem is my digital past. The insensitive shit I used to say as a kid online. I also aired out some family grievances online, with less than ideal language, and although I've taken measures to delete the stuff, nothing disappears from the Internet, and it will eventually come to light. I also used to say I was white on occasion online, before I really understood my mixed race identity. I never said anything racist online, but I would also look ridiculous talking about racism from a firsthand experience if I claimed I was white, even though I'm not white. My music is about political themes such as this, and people will shit on me and think I'm a walking contradiction once this stuff is exposed. I'll be bounced out of hip-hop, and then I won't be employable, and my family will think less of me, so I'll spin out of control. My entire life will be marred by the things I said in a time of deep hurt, ignorance, and nihilistic rage as a teenager, because although I may grow and change, that past is permanent via the Internet. My one shot to potentially live out a childhood dream and escaping my current situation has effectively been killed. Even if the music never blew up enough for me to make a full-time living off of it, if it blew up at all, and people connected the dots, I'd be exposed, and the damage would be done. My ethics and fear of technocracy have led me away from pursuing a job with my major. I'm left with essentially nothing to live for, and was thrown into this situation partly of my doing, but absolutely as a reaction to my circumstances. I feel completely hopeless, and that all of my personal initiatives to better myself and change my life were pointless. I feel that if I just killed myself years ago, the disappointment that will be my adult life, and the suffocation of most likely spending the rest of my days in my hometown that hates people like me, would have been avoided. As well as the loneliness. If it gets as bad as I think it is going to get upon graduation, by this time next year I will not be alive. "	sw
What YouTubers have you been watching for more than 6 years? Who's really stuck with you instead of being like a little fad? I've been watching Ashens' videos since around 2011 maybe. That's the only one I can think of really that I still watch relatively frequently	cc
"Im having trouble making friends in college Im finishing up my first year in college and Im still having trouble making friends. I go to college far away from where I used to live so no one I know goes here. I live in a dorm and Im close with my room mates but we dont really do stuff out side of the dorm. I cant drink or smoke so frats and parties are pretty much impossible. I also didnt join any clubs on time and im worried to join so late in the year. In class, when I try to talk with other kids but i always seem to end up making it awkward. Finding a date hasnt been much easier. What I dont understand is that this has never happened to me before. Even when I moved and went to a highschool were I knew no one, I ajdusted and made friends alot quicker. Am I doing something wrong?"	cc
"5 Interesting Facts about you They can be interesting things about yourself or anecdotes. Or both :) I’ll go first: 1.I have every of the Nintendo console every released in North America  2.I’m working on a d&d campaign that’s set in a highschool in the 80’s. I went as far as creating an entire GPA mechanic as well as using cliques as character classes. 3.I really love Banquet Spaghetti,it’s been a childhood favorite for me. 4.I have over 700 hours in Fallout 4 5.I became an officer in GSA because at the last meeting,the only people who attend the meeting was me and 7 other people. And  we basically just chose the positions we wanted.    Edit: Wow,you guys are super cool and I'll try to answer as to all of ya'll :)"	cc
"I spend too much time worrying I plan and worry about life, but in reality, I wouldn't have known where I am today a year ago; therefore I waste a lot of my time trying to figure out my future."	cc
"Had an Odd dream that is lingering around By lingering I guess I mean that I still feel the emotion of it even though its been 6 hours atleast since I woke up from it. This is odd, because I rarely, *rarely* remember my dreams. The only ones I ever remember are nightmares (Thankfully I dont have them often)  Anyway, this dream wasnt a nightmare.. I only remember bits and pieces of it but basically it was about some random, beautiful spanish girl and I was falling in love with her... At the beginning of the dream, we were on the brink of being in a relationship. It was clear she had interest in me. But as the dream progressed, she seemed to grow more distant and her interest in me appeared to be nothing more than a short lived infatuation.  I have had similar dreams in the past, but only once in a blue moon are they memorable to me. I think the reason I remember these dreams (as well as nightmares) is because the emotion in both are always strong. Anyone else feel they only remember the same kinda dreams/only ones that have strong emotions?"	cc
"I feel really off and sad lately I keep getting into fights with friends, saying too much and getting stressed. I got home from work and stayed in bed all day. How are things with you? "	cc
"I don't want to kill myself and I probably won't but I'm sure that is the only solution I've been severely depressed for more than 3 years now and have been getting treatment for it. I've tried SSRIs, TCAs, Stimulants and everything else that had the potential to help me and nothing has worked enough. I don't want to keep living such a life. Irreversibel MAOIs are not approved in my country, I think or I wish that they could work if they were available here.    I don't want to kill myself at all and I have no intention of doing so, I wish I could fix it all but deep down I know that it cannot be fixed and that death is the only possible solution. Since recently I've been feeling like my cognition is deteriorating and I don't even know why I'm writing this post.  "	sw
"I got a rowing machine! I’ve rowed on my high school team for a few years, and I’m not in the greatest shaped so I decided to spend the extra money and get a rowing machine! I’ve had it for a few weeks, and I’m already seeing improvements on not only my muscle tone, but also my rowing form and technique. It’s the Water Rower club for anyone interested."	cc
"A moment of happiness cannot replace a lifetime of suffering. It gets better.  God I hate that phrase. Can it get better? Maybe. But, despite it getting better, it can and likely will get worse as well.  I'm in the best place I've been in my entire life, and everyday I wish I had killed myself in my youth or died in an accident or something. The panic attacks are increasing. The suicidal ideation is flourishing and I already have a plan. I'm living everyday, waiting for the trigger that will push me over the edge and finally let me end things.  I talked to my father after work today (he also has depression). I tell him what upsets me, but all he can tell me is ""You have nothing to be sad about! Your doing great!"" Yeah ok dad, thanks I guess if my depression doesn't meet his standards then it must mean I'm just a big complainer. How dare I not be happy?   I just want it all to end. I want it to be over.  I hope you all had a better day than I did. :/"	sw
Intelligent things your pet does When my chihuahua is confused she whines in the same tone that I say “Huh?” in. She pretty much says “Huh?” minus the H sound- I am not exaggerating!  She also whines my sad “Mmmm...” whenever she’s sad.  When she’s happy the ends of her mouth curve into a smile.	cc
would kill myself but im a pussy and i wanna live and make my shitty life better but i fucking cant! i want a fucking GIRLFRIEND but i cant get one!!!	sw
"I can’t cope. Might as well just do it Every day is a constant battle. I stay in bed for 2 hours each morning, thinking why I should get out of bed. The only reason I do is so that I don’t piss/shit myself. I then have breakfast, stay in my room, lunch, stay in room, dinner, stay in room and go bed. That’s the life I’ve been living for over a year now. I’ve had therapy, I’m on antidepressants and nothing seems to be working. I’m currently waiting for more therapy but I don’t know how to cope with this wait anymore. One day I feel like I’m gonna burst and do something stupid.  I thought about ways I could harm and kill myself; I have scissors in my room so I could cut myself, I could try and OD on my antidepressants, I could buy a rope and hang myself, I could stab myself or cut my throat, I could go to my nearest shopping centre and jump off the highest level. The amount of the detail I’ve gone into for each possibility is terrifying. I’m so scared that if I tell anyone this, I’m gonna have leave home.   I know it’s stupid and a cop out. I don’t know what to do with myself anymore and how to cope with day to day. Everything I use to love, I hate now. Too many anxieties limit myself on what I can do. I want a reason to live but can’t seem to find any"	sw
"I started training to run 5 km and was confronted with the jiggliness of my body After lurking on /r/C25K (Couch To 5 Km) for a bit, I decided it was time to stop lurking and to start actively participating. I used to be in decent shape, back when I still played football (soccer) 5 times a week. In the last 4 years, however, I moved to a new city for university, I never signed up for a sports club or gym in that new city, and I have been struggling with a long-lasting depression. When you combine those things with not the healthiest of eating habits, a penchant for drinking when the depression is at its worst and not seeing the point of making changes to my lifestyle because of the depression, you get what I had become: lazy, overweight and horribly out of shape.  Lately, I have been doing better. I have been going to therapy, I stopped drinking altogether, I started to put more effort into my meals, I picked up some hobbies I had abandoned and I started to learn how to deal with my depression. Physical activity, however, was still lacking.  To change that, I joined the C25K program. Last week, I did my first trial run. I wanted to find out if the new shoes I bought were comfortable enough, figure out the right set-up for my gps-watch, and just get all of the niggly stuff out of the way so that I can make a good start with the program next week.   The first minute of running was very confrontational. I was able to finish it without too much difficulty, but I felt something I had not felt before. I jiggled. My belly jiggled. My upper legs jiggled. Even my lower back jiggled. I knew I was overweight, but I am not morbidly obese by any stretch of the imagination, and I had been telling myself that it really wasn't all that bad, but this run prooved that it is, indeed, pretty bad.  Four months ago, that realization would probably have made me quit right away, go back home, start spiralling into a depressive episode, go on a binge and feeling useless for the next week or so. But not this time. I took some rest to order my thoughts, accept what I felt, realised that I was working on what I felt at that exact moment and prepared myself for the next 60 seconds of running.   It feels good to have made this step. I know the program is going to be hard, but I feel like I can do it. Maybe not in the 9 weeks it's intended to be finished in, maybe not without setbacks, but I WILL finish it!  Have any of you made the step to get in better shape? What are some of the setbacks you encountered? And how did you overcome them?"	cc
I want to know you random strangers Hey everyone! Im a frequet poster here and I talk to a ton of interesting ppl. Im up for chatting to strangers tonight.  What are guys doing this Friday night 😋	cc
I’m unhappy in the city I live in but I fear that I’d ruin home if I moved back. I moved away for school and had to stay for work.  After moving away I really fell in love with my hometown.  I’m really unhappy with where I am now. I worry that I might be unhappy anywhere and would be if I moved back home as well. My theory is that I can enjoy home the most if I live away and keep it as a place of refuge any once in a while. 	cc
"I've Destroyed Everything. I'm 33 years old and I feel like I've run as far as I can. Life has been a series of crashes followed by pipe dreams followed by another crash. I've run out of resources and lies to keep me cocooned and I'm living in a very ugly reality.  I'm almost completely withdrawn from the world and have become a recluse. I still have a job somehow but I hate it and am terrible at it. Every day it causes me massive anxiety. I'm so hyper defensive and unmotivated it makes me sick.  All I'm doing is the most basic of human operations. I'm alive and that's about it. There is no pleasure, no joy, no warmth. Time has changed. I feel like I'm living the same day over and over again. Like the world has left me behind. I barely know what's going on around me and have an extremely hard time following conversations. I hunger for social interaction but have lost the limited social skillset I had. I'm afraid of nearly everyone and I feel coldness and hostility from people. I'm living in my own head nearly constantly.  Every day I'm on the edge. I have no more tricks or tactics to hide myself from myself.  The booze stopped working along with everything else.  I've created this situation myself through the years. But even if I deserve this it doesn't mean I can accept it.  I think to myself what would happen if I won 10 million dollars. And the answer is nothing would change. So what else can I do but end this? It's insane. But I'm cornered. All I can think to do is confess in a letter. To try and explain myself. And then go ahead and do this. "	sw
"Does anyone want to be reddit pals? I used to have a friend on tumblr I’d message every few months to check in on. We were never very close, but it always felt cool to have someone text you out of the blue every quarter or so asking how everything’s been and if you’re alright.  Does anyone wanna do this with me? It’s very low effort and just a cool addition to normal life, and it’s comforting that someone across the globe thinks about you once in a while.  Thanks! ❤️  edit: thanks for the responses! for everyone else who wants a reddit pal, do reply under another user's comment! everyone could do with a little love.  "	cc
"Life really pisses me off... İam bored from that bullshit called life. Why everything should go wrong ? my family behaves so weird , school issues ,social life proplems and depression... iam really tired . Why i should try something doesnt working its called living. İ dont want to live as a human i prefer be a ghost. İ have serious anger issues now and it increases everday and depression too. İ know there are people worst than me but i hate failure , i dont want to lose... İ would prefer to die than failure..."	sw
"I had a really good day today. It's always a good day when I can start it by harnessing up and climbing to do things in the theatre. But it only got better -- scampering across the false ceiling, taking care of projects for the Master Electrician and Lighting Designer, hanging out with coworkers who are also friends, and getting the theatre ready for first previews tonight. Just a solid day, and I don't have anyone to share my good mood with, hah. Ah well. How have your days been?"	cc
"Would you share embarrassing tips to help acquaintances? I work in a professional environment as a traveling salesman kind of gig, and I have maybe 120 coworkers over 15 locations I see face to face once or twice a month as I do my rounds. I keep it very casual with them, my rank is ""higher"" than theirs but in a different space so I see them more as equals and encourage them to see me as one too so they aren't afraid to email me or call me to make a sale.  Anyways usually I talk to the younger guys about wardrobe trips, where to find sharper looking outfits for less, to the younger girls about how to deal with and deter harassment, and to everyone about career development in general, to break the ice and develop working relationships with them. As a result, they see me as this kind of coach figure right?  I recently lost a lot of weight (25 lb in 2 months) using a diet pill prescribed by a gynecologist (I'm male), referred by a close friend who also had similar success. I'm happy with the results and experience, and when i stopped taking the pill and saw the weight stayed down, I recommended it to my closest friends. Then i told my wife ""I cant wait to tell so and so at work about it"" and she told me not to say anything about the pill, because its kind of embarrassing and like ""cheating"" so it may damage my reputation at work. She made a compelling argument for it so i agreed since nobody had asked me so far anyway.  When I began to visit my locations after my little ""transformation"" had proven permanent without the pills, at first they didnt say anything, but then they began to comment how they were all shocked and asked how I did it, specially the heavier set people obviously. I just thanked them for the compliments and said work has been so busy Ive been skipping meals almost daily, and drinking a lot of water instead of soda to avoid stomach aches. This was all true and they saw it for themselves, and casually tested me about never seeing me eat in the past, so they bought it, and said at first they didn't want to ask because they didn't want to be inappropriate, and then offered me food lol. But it feels wrong, there's at least 3 co-workers with big events coming up in the summer and they would benefit so much from this pill, but in reality we aren't friends, just aquaintances, and while I would be happy if they spread the word so others can try it and see if it works, I am indeed worried my name would piggy back on it each time it's brought up."	cc
"don't know what to say I don't know what to say to my mother. She knows I don't wanna live, but I just feel like she gets very disappointed in me whenever I'm sad. I haven't told anyone else, I don't know what I would say, but I really need someone other than my mother to talk to. I just wanna fucking die. "	sw
Golden Gate Bridge Today is the day!	sw
"I want to do/make something for my SO since he's been taking care of me during my surgery recovery Hi all, first time poster. I recently had a major back surgery, an artificial disc replacement. I am 21 and my SO is 22, and we have been together for 6 years. He has been taking such good care of me, helping me dress, get around, making sure I take my medicines on time, cooking for me, etc all with zero hesitation. I would do the same for him in a heartbeat but I have surgeries fairly often and I would like to do something special, since this is not the first recovery he has helped me through.  I could always buy him something, he loves video games like I do, and work tools as he is an electrician. But I think it would be more special and heartfelt if I did something (I am physically limited currently) or made something for him, but I honestly have no idea what could express my gratitude for him."	cc
"Today, I (19M) decided to take a huge step in the right direction and saw a psychologist for the first time! It's been years of what looks to be depression. I'm happy that i've made the decision to do something about it and my first appointment went great! I can't wait to better myself.  Edit: Wow, this blew up! I'm really thankful for all the kind words. I apologise if I couldn't reply to you all. Thank you so much, I really appreciate it :)"	cc
"I'm scared There aren't any available suicide prevention hotlines where I live. I don't have a therapist. My school councillor won't do anything because she already hates me a lot.  I'm having waves of suicidal thoughts and I'm scared. I have no one to talk to. My sibling is too young and innocent to understand, my parents will be deeply upset, and there are no hotlines I can use.  My friends won't care because they're already dealing with their own problems and I don't aant to be a burden.  I'm scared. Please help me. I just want someone to talk to. Please."	sw
"I love my mom. My mom is honestly one of my favorite people in the world. Recently, I have been studying for a a big math test in order to get into a college program, and she just came up stairs with a big thing of papers and it was all different kinds of study materials and formula sheets and ways I can improve my math skills. Idk, I just love her. Whats the best thing about your mom?"	cc
"I'm gonna miss my friends when we all graduate A little backstory: I grew up in a poor family and I've been through more than one rough patch as a teenager. I got to pursue a higher education on grants, and I can say with full confidence that my time at college has been the best years of my life. I've learned so much, experienced new things, sharpened my skills, but best of all, I've made so many friends.  Yesterday my friends and I all got together to make General Tso's Stir Fry. I brought the ingredients, but everyone else helped in their own way. Some of them helped prepare the food, others brought utensils I was missing, and everyone kept a funny conversation going. The food turned out great, and we had so many ingredients left over that we decided to do it again today. I was writing about it in my journal after we finished cleaning up, and it made me realize just how much I'm going to miss them all once we're all done with school.  I've known them all since my second year, we moved into the same quad (cluster of rooms) together, and  I've been living with them for the past 3 years. I remember my roommate for two of those years would host tabletop RPGs for us like D&D, and they were even more fun than I ever could've imagined them. And anytime one of us was in a bind, we'd all be willing to jump up and help out. They're all like family to me now.  Some people say you don't know you're in the good old days until long after they're gone. But I'm over here tearing up because I know that I'm in the good old days, and I'm going to miss being here in college so much. Two of my friends are graduating this semester. The others still have at least a year to go, and I have one extra semester left.  So, has anyone else here ever been in the same boat? Made a tight-knit group of friends at college, then separated after graduation? What happened afterwards? How did you cope moving on?"	cc
What do you do on ‘meh’ days? In a busy period in work right now (eclectic hours and influx of a load of new people/stuff over the past 8 weeks) and I find myself getting days where I just want to shut myself away and do nothing. Also doesn’t help that I rarely get to see sunlight right now.   What do you guys do to pull yourself out of those sort of days? :)	cc
"About 6 years ago I usually played Halo Reach with Ninja, the biggest streamer on Twitch and one of the biggest YouTubers! I remember playing versus him a whole lot on the MLG playlist (the primary competitive playlist). Even won some games against him. Talked with him a few times in-game, but it was only about where the other enemies were at or something along those lines. Feels pretty weird now to see him so famous."	cc
"I'm an idiot and I don't deserve to be here I've felt like this for a long time but tonight compounded every insecurity I've ever had. I left a long comfortable relationship and found someone new that I had actual chemistry with I thought. But now I'm alone because I destroy everything pure thing in my life. I'm a virgin still and I told the new guy and I feel embarrassed and shunned and hes fucked 474874975 women. He went to bed not holding me after I told him and didn't want to make a move anymore. Nobody loves me and now I'm alone because I'm a fuck up laying next to him crying because I feel like a disgusting loser.   I'm socially stunted and my mom doesn't care about me and didnt want a kid. She thinks I'm just like my father and let me abuse drugs at 15 . I was kept away from everyone my whole childhood and now I'm ruined. My dad is gone. I've built multiple webs of lies just trying to be accepted   I dont thibk I should be here I have nothing now my relationship was the one constant and I let it go for a stronger passion but now I wish I could blow my head off. Whatever, at this point it wouldn't matter if I did all I do is take up space and waste everyone elses precious time I'm a mistake and a regret and a horrible example of q person and if u fkild eject myself out of earth instantly I would "	sw
"this is never going to be better i can't hold down a job.  i'm too much of a fuckup.  I've started self-harming again--scratching myself deep enough to bleed, beating my head against walls and desks.  there's no point.  i've been fired 5 times since 2011 and it's never going to get any better.  there is no magical 'right fit' for me, because at the end of the day i'm just a useless piece of shit fuckup.   "	sw
"Anyone ever get times where you think ""I can explain!"", but the other person didn't say anything in the first place, so you just don't say anything. For example when someone sees you do something embarrassing, but it would make sense to them if they had context. They did not say anything about it but you know in the back of your head they are judging you. Lol"	cc
"Better off dead than sober [xpost from r/stopdrinking] The title should say it all. My fiancée thinks drinking is no good for me, but after I gave up benzos and opiates, booze is the only thing that keeps me from killing myself.  ""Oh, but there's so much life has to offer! Sobriety is freeing!""  ...  For me, it's really not. I have so much social anxiety, that even with an advanced degree, all I can manage to hold down is a minimum wage job that is so stressful that I'd rather be dead than continue working where I am. I've literally tried jumping into and hiding in a cardboard baler, hoping that someone would turn it on and crush me.  What is there to enjoy from being sober? I'm better off dead than living the rest of my life in this state."	sw
"I never ask for attention but now I really wish I was getting more of it I decided to chase a pipe-dream yesterday on behalf of my step dad with stage 4 lung cancer. He’s incredibly sick (been in the hospital all week) and his health has been declining for months. Someone very nicely donated their tickets for day 1 of the Masters on Thursday, which is one of his all time dreams to attend. The other is meeting Tiger Woods. I’ve posted on Facebook (around 100 shares), tweeted an insane amount of people, contacted news stations, etc but I feel like I’m getting nowhere.   I feel so helpless in everyday situations because there’s not much I can do to help with the progression of the disease. But meeting his idol is something I know could happen with the right amount of attention from the right people.   There’s nothing I want to see more than this incredible man’s dream brought to life.   Anyway, thanks for reading. It’s just been a terrible week and everyone here is always so nice to me "	cc
Is it over? Is it over? https://imgur.com/gallery/mcHgb	sw
"Has anyone played the video game 'Life is strange', and also watched the movie 'Hard candy'? I did, and i thought that life is strange had quite a few similarities to hard candy.   if you've finished both maybe you'll know what i mean, or maybe I'm just wrong.   but now I'm interested to know what others think about it."	cc
i want to die i hate school all the classes and homework and i can’t tell my family because they would probably say something along the lines of oh suicide is selfish but i want this endless struggle that we call life to end i have been suicidal most of my life and i thought i was getting better but nope after my last class today i had somewhat of an existential crisis and i seriously debated wether or not to kill myself my friends think i’m happy but i’m truly not but if life is an endless stride towards death that is unavoidable why not make my death quick and easy   but if you took the time to read this then thank you 	sw
"I just needed to talk about this. I'm in my second semester of college right now and things aren't exactly going my way. I barely made it out of a pretty depressing first semester. I'm in a STEM major and I enrolled in ROTC last semester because it's been my dream for the longest time to go to space one day, but I'd settle for being a pilot, too. Anyway, in my first semester, I was depressed because the shift in difficulty of academics was incredibly jarring to me, and I had trouble making friends, which made me think something was wrong with me. I was failing a math class, and ROTC was inherently stressful, and I just felt alone, ashamed, and just shitty a lot of the time. But I just barely passed the math class and I made a lot of friends. Second semester rolls around, and things are starting to look up. I finally feel comfortable in ROTC, I get a 92 on my first chem exam. There are still things I'm sad about, but I'll talk about that later. Anyway, I'm feeling generally happy about the semester so far. Then I get a 52 on my first math exam. I dug myself into this hole again. That's okay though, I'll just do better on the next one and the final. My academic performance starts slipping across the board, but I'm only in trouble in my math class. Fast forward about a month or so. I'm told that I don't medically qualify for ROTC because I was on ADHD medication 2 years ago. This is devastating to me. I was finally feeling comfortable, I had finally made friends, and I thought ADHD wasn't going to be an obstacle for me anymore. I had never identified with a certain group or felt like I was a part of something worth being a part of before, so to have that dangled in front of my face and then ripped away felt horrible. It's okay though, it's not the end of world because I'm still eligible to apply for Officer Training School after I graduate. Two days later, I meet with cadre. They review my case and tell me that because of a certain skin condition, I don't medically qualify for military service. Which means I can't be a pilot. I went back to my dorm, and for the first time in my life, I seriously considered suicide. It felt like I was in a nightmare. Like I was presented with a puzzle that I couldn't solve. I wanted to hurt someone, or myself. I didn't do anything, though; I didn't really know what to do. A week later I take my second math exam of the semester. A week from that, I find out I failed, and I'll have to drop the class. I studied really hard and I thought I got at least an 80. It's incredibly frustrating to go from high school, where I never studied for anything and almost never got below an 80 on a test or quiz, where I was good at math and science and academics in general, to college, where I can actually study for quizzes and exams and almost never get above an 80. It's even more frustrating when my friends and people on my floor talk about how they got Bs and As on the same exams I took. I'm running out of ways to convince myself I'm not a fucking moron. I just feel like such a fraud, in more ways than one. I've also never had a girlfriend, so that's always a reason for me to feel like a waste of skin. I've never experienced mutual romantic love. I have friends, yeah, but they don't need me. I've always had a problem with comparing myself to other people, and that's all I've been doing recently, and I just start to feel awful if I'm alone with my thoughts for too long. I feel like I have nothing to be proud of anymore.  Sorry for making this really long, I've never talked about most of this stuff with anyone and my friends and family aren't very good at comforting. I'm pretty sure nobody knows I'm unhappy, and I'm too afraid to change that. I just need to talk to someone."	sw
"Heartbroken, Depressed, and now I have suicidal thoughts. Where do I even begin, I'm unemployed, I just got my heartbroken by my first love, and I became depressed and suicidal. I fell in love with a woman who was a little older than me, I'm 20 and she's 34. I haven't left my house since then, that was 3 months ago. I only leave my house to walk the dog. The reason why I'm not over her yet is because my friends and even my parents keep mentioning her to me since they're friends with her and I ghosted her for a whole. After she rejected me I feel like I'm not good enough for this life. I never done selfharm, but I have been getting urges to, since my parents did split 2 years ago, I didn't get depressed until then because she was there for me and I was there for her everything like that.   I just don't know if I can go on, my 20th birthday was last month and I didn't do anything to celebrate it. I gained weight, started binge eating, and I just can't find a reason to continue. Not only that I'm battling a Porn addiction (Yes, it's a real addiction. There's a whole subreddit to it), and I numb myself with that. I used to stay up late with her and we would talk about life etc, and then we would go to work. Now I have no one....."	sw
"I really wish I could kill myself It's going to be super stupid to do it over something like this but I'm in a really bad spot mentally and I can't push myself to do the work I need to do over the next few days. I just can't. And I don't know why. I'm waking up every day exhausted and tired and it feels like I've stopped caring. I can't make myself do anything anymore, barely even eating too. I don't know what to do.    My skin feels prickly. I should be having regular panic attacks but I'm not. I don't know what to do.   I can feel my anxiety in my texts, at how fast I'm texting and stuff, but it's not working.   I'm exhausted. I'm so tired. I don't want to do this anymore I'm so tired tired tired tired.   I can't run from my problems anymore. I can't do it. But I don't know why I can't push myself. I'm a monster   I can't do anything.   I wish I has the balls to cut myself it wouldn't solve anything but it might wake me up from this dream. I wish I was stronger I wish I could do things.   I wish I didn't have such severe brain fog.   I can't do anything. I just can't.    But I have to.   I feel like throwing up. I feel like killing myself I feel like I'm going crazy.   I feel nothing. It's just this prickly sensation across my skin and a warmth across my body.    I don't have medication I can OD on. I don't have sharp enough knives or razors. I can't kill myself. But I don't want to do what I have to tomorrow. I'm so tired.     I want it to stop. It's like a noise in my head. And I can't do anything about it. I don't want to deal with life, I don't want to. I don't want to do the things I have to, even though I need to do the I'm at a point of no return I can feel it but I know o won't do anything I'll just let my life be destroyed again, like I've done so many Tim's before I'm a monster. I have no accomplished anything in the years of my life I hate yself I wish I could die. Please God why did you do this to me. Why was I born like this.    I hate everything about myself. I don't want the world to look at me. I am ashamed for who and what I am. I'm ashamed at how incapable I am. I am ashamed at how my life is. I wish I could die.     I wish I could die. I wish I could die. I wish I could die.     I wish my problems could be solved hahaha but it's too late now I don't know if I can do anything. I can't do anything. I can't solve my problems anymore. I don't know what to do. I'm so tired.    I'm so so tired. I can't sleep. I shouldn't sleep. What the fuck am I doing. God help me please. Although I guess I don't deserve it anymore. I don't want this to happen, but I know I deserve it.   This is the end for me, I see. That's it. I'm done. I can't do anything anymore. I can't get better. This is where it all breaks. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I can't do this anymore. I can't be alive anymore.    EDIT: fuck me. I hate everything that I've become. I wish I could have jumped a track. I wish I could have killed myself. I wish all forms of I'll on my body. I wish I could die.   I'm so tired of not being good enough. Every day, it's the same thing. I'm never going to be good enough. Never. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I hate myself. I hate myself so much. I hate it I hate it I hate it.   Why am I even still here. This world isn't kind enough to host someone like me. I'm just made of mistakes. I don't know what to do. I need to hurt myself, but I'm too tired.   EDIT EDIT: calmed down a little. Life is still gone. I don't know what to do anymore. I wish I could die but I can't because I'd hurt the people who care but I'm also too scared of dying. I know it's going to hurt. I've screwed up everything, why not dying too. "	sw
"I survived the week I thought I should update anyone who cares and read my last post about not thinking I was going to make it through the week. Well I did and it wasn't worth it, I guess. I'm going through another episode and I'm getting really fucking tired. I need a way out. I wish I could die and no one would care, I don't want to sound selfish but it's not fair to me. Anyways I'm getting off topic but I want to thank the person who personally messaged me and gave me words of encouragement. "	sw
"I missed a perfect opportunity Today I was walking home, after my 1 hour train ride, and a car pulled up into a church driveway rather quickly, about 50 meters (150ft) ahead of me.   Two really gorgeous girls got out of the car and started searching the windscreen and the top of the car (at first thought, I thought they’d broken their windscreen).   I reached the car and stopped and asked if there was something wrong, to which they replied “there’s a spider somewhere”.   Me, an arachnophobe, instantly turned back on my path, laughed and said “you’re on your own”. They laughed too, but a solid 2 seconds later I’d realised I’d quite literally turned my back on two girls *basically* asking for help. Instant regret and remorse.  I don’t know why I wanted to share this here but I just feel like I fucked up a good opportunity to help them out with their spider issue and chat to them, ask for one of their numbers or something, I don’t know.  Should I have helped? Or am I just fantasising and just made a natural decision?"	cc
"I had a really nice interaction with a customer today I work retail in an electronics department, so right off, you can imagine how great my job is. I love being overworked and underpaid, and abused by customers. /s  Today was more of the same all day long. I was supposed to get off work at 430, and ugh I was ready for it. I was so tired and in such a bad mood, I was counting down every minute. At around 4, this older lady came in and was looking at movies. I went over to her and did the usual ""can I help you find something"" spiel, and she started off with the usual ""no, just browsing"" thing. I said ok and told her if she needed anything, let me know. She ended up saying ok, but then started going on about how she was just looking for tv shows, she likes to collect dvds. I told her she was in the wrong aisle, and I walked her to the correct one. Then I was just being polite, and asked her what kind of shows she was looking for, and what is her favorite. She started to get really into the conversation and she was listing off all kinds of stuff, from new shows like Empire to old stuff as far back as like the original Twilight Zone. She was telling me how she doesn't have cable anymore since her husband died, she just has an antenna and loves watching all the re-runs of this or that, and also these new shows... she literally was telling me the days/times, channels, and number of episodes that come on each day for each show. Like for real, this lady is a hardcore lover of tv, especially old shows, but also several shows that surprised me when she named them. She was telling me how she sets her alarm to wake her up early specifically so she doesn't miss stuff too. Lol  Anyway, it just so happened, a few of the shows she named were ones I like too. I mentioned it, and she got really happy and we just started talking about those shows, and she said she was surprised about a few I knew too, saying she didn't think ""someone so young would even know about x, y, and z shows!"" Then she asked me if I had any suggestions, since it seems we have the same taste, so I got excited telling her about some things I had seen too. We seriously just stood there and ""compared notes"" on shows for 30 minutes. She then even went ahead and bought the complete series of one show I recommended, saying she trusted my judgement, and couldn't wait to watch it.   After that, she said she had really enjoyed talking to me, and that I had helped her a lot, then she thanked me, and she even used my name. It was nice, most people don't bother with my name or even look me in the eye, like sometimes I even wonder if people remember I'm a human being too. Anyway, she said she was going to come back soon, and she was going to find me again if she needed help, because I did a great job.  She was a complete stranger, but I really enjoyed talking to her, and she turned my mood completely around. I left work with a genuine smile on my face for once. "	cc
"My cat is too fat to climb a tree. My cat Stripes is a little overweight. He’s a tubby guy (about 18 pounds) and used to live outside. He was a neighbor’s cat who adopted us, and during the winter last year we decided to let him inside because it was cold... now he’s our cat.  He still likes to go outside from time to time, so my husband let him out today (supervised). When it was time to go in, instead of coming when he was called, Stripes decided he was going to try to evade capture and ran around the corner to a tree. He made it about 3 feet up the tree and gave up, but he hung there for a while like he was possessed.   I love my cats and I wish they could go in and out as they please, but not if they’re going to try to climb trees! The other cat would have made it up the tree easily and who knows if we would have ever gotten her down."	cc
"Do hopeful words from loved ones do anything for you? I want to know if it's just me. It's at the point where I try to share some of my blackest issues and every word my friends tell me is the same old, ""right now it seems the worst,"" ""your pain won't last forever,"" and the most common, ""it gets better"" tripe. I just feel frustrated because it seems as though they think platitudes, however well-meaning*, can help. I don't reach out to anyone because I know I'll hear the same things.  Does anyone else have this same feeling?  *it's worth noting that I love these people very much and I know they only want to help"	sw
"Killing myself in 1 house AMA So im finally doing it in 1 hour, im eating my last meal. Thought i would spend my last time on reddit. Ask me whatever you want  Thanks for the questions, my life has been hell. Dont feel sorry for me, its better this way. When you guys read this comment, the trigger will already have been pulled. Hope everyone finds happiness, you all deserve it. Reddit was always a part of my life so thank you"	sw
"What EDM festivals have you gone to, and which ones are you planning on going to? I went to my first festival last october and it was a halloween one in texas. I think it was called Tomorrowworld but I can't remember. In a few weeks I'm going to Electric Forest in Michigen. I've only gotten into EDM in the past year, but I really enjoy some artists and I listen to EDM to workout usually.   My favorite artists are Diplo and Party Favor, but I like some TJR, Skrillex, and Will Sparks. "	cc
"Of profession and of marriage. I've become increasingly staunch in my belief that I'll only marry a person sharing my profession. Being a med student , I feel people don't get me and the way I am always split apart from social gatherings due to work or due to a desperate need to be alone after a hectic day.  I always get taunted by people when I decline invitations( I'm very polite in declining them ) or can't reply to messages , by people who aren't related to my profession .  Surprisingly , this never happens among my colleagues.  I know we should 'never say never ' but I'm putting my foot down on this one . Have you felt the same about your profession ?"	cc
"Really low? I’m in a lot of physical and mental pain. I refuse to cry about it because it hurts a lot when I do, so I’ve slowly built resistence. Perhaps tonight can be the night. I think I know what to do. This will be the least painful, maybe. That’s what I want. To not feel anymore pain that life causes. I don’t handle it well and I’m not wanting to be a burden anymore. Sixteen years wasted, huh? I’m sorry."	sw
"I don’t think I can survive untill Wednesday That’s when my psychiatrist appointment is but I rly can’t fucking do this anymore. That’s so fucking long away and I just can’t keep crying like this.  I just want someone I trust to hug me and tell me everything is ok. But they’re not here and nothing is bloody ok, shits all getting worse and worse and can’t do a thing about it. I’m just watching from the sidelines as the façade of my life crumbles."	sw
"Are you guys into twitch? So for some months I've been having an idea.  I'm a normal guy, who's into technology, beers, video games, books, bla bla and at the same time lately I've seen a lot of depressed people, who make posts looking for friends and sharing similar tastes and also since it's the internet, a lot of trolls  So I'm thinking about creating a twitch channel, or could be youtube but I want it to make it live, where I can just be rambling around, sharing interests and chatting about what games are people playing, music and if they feel sad on that moment we can talk about it give you an opinion, or just be there to hear the people and make the possible to keep it as non toxic community as possible. I don't know if that'd be a good idea, maybe start with a subreddit? I'm still thinking about it.  What you guys think?"	cc
"My life is just miserable and I want to end it Im turning 27 next week and Im convinced that my best years have already gone by. Although I still have a slim, fit body and a youthful pretty face, my hair has started to grey which looks incredibly gross. Thats the reason why I gave up on dating a while ago...who in their minds would want to date a guy in his mid-20s with silver hair? Im doomed to be forever alone. Im so ashamed of my hair that I wont leave my house without a cap. I have also given up on my dreams...I wanted to become an actor (Im very talented) but I think Im too old now to pursue an acting career. On top of that, I live in a third world country that offers no jobs but Im not allowed to get out of here. Sometimes I just lay in my bed all day and cry my eyes out."	sw
What do I do if I need to be placed on psychiatric hold? Call 911? Suicide hotline? Say what? Really scared	sw
"I apologise Hey, I’m really sorry to everyone, I can’t use Reddit for a while, it makes my depression and anxiety worse, all I want to do is be able to help you people, but you can all do this. You’re all so strong and brave, and unique, I believe you can all beat this, because you’re so inspiring and unique, please all of you be safe, and take care of yourselves, you’re all wonderful people. "	sw
"To draw or not to draw Has anyone gone from being a terrible drawer to being moderately good? I have never been good at this. Literally,  i am terrible. I think part of my problem is, i cannot hold my hand still. Not sure if its my high blood pressure or what but i really cannot draw a straight line.  What did you do to become a proficient drawer?"	cc
"I've Got A Serious Problem I am considering taking my life, I don't know what to do and it scares me. I have a huge gambling problem and I just blew all the money I had left, I am thousands of dollars in debt, my work is seasonal and it's about to end so I will be out of a job. I have so many calls from debt collectors, I have no reason to be here anymore, I failed"	sw
"Am I naive? My coworker says that ten days into an end of the world scenario, people will be killing and stealing. I agree but I also think that some of our neighbors will be nice and try to help each other, share resources and build communities back. What do you wanna think?"	cc
"Conversation? Hi everyone, I hope you all are having a nice Saturday.  In my time zone it's evening, I just finished doing all the washing and cleaning for the weekend. Anyone would like to chat for a while?  Xx."	cc
"I got hit by a car at a crosswalk today. I'm fine, but I'm freaking out slightly. I didn't receive any injuries that I know of, but my chest feels tight and I'm pretty jumpy and I kind of want to cry. I understand this is probably some kind of PTSD response. I also didn't call the cops, but I probably should have."	cc
"Live comfortably or go I’m a 26f, I live at home with my mom. Recently, I’ve been thinking I need to move. I have not progressed much in my life. I am super successful academically and professionally but that’s about it.   Has anyone ever done this?"	cc
"It hurts. It honestly hurts to even exist.  Idk what the fuck is wrong with me and why I can't make friends. It seems as if everyone else is getting laid, drunk and having fun. But I'm in this prison. I've done just about everything but still...there's no social acceptance. So now I'm just going to admit that I am the problem and give up. The countless rejections and failures have made it impossible to recover. Bye guys. <3 Hope you don't go through the shit I did.  "	sw
"Mike Call Hey Mike remember that time you told me I had to call you before if I ever was going to kill myself.  I think about that phone call all the time but it's because I wish I could kill myself but I'll never have the courage to.  I hate my life so much and I wish I could text this to you mike I really do but I won't bc I love you and I don't want you to feel bad even though let's be honest how bad would you really feel for me.  I mean  you're a nice person so a little but come on in general like who cares and I don't blame them for not caring duh like people got to worry about their own life but I don't want to even moderately bug you.  So I want to send this to someone.  Maybe I'll post it on reddit.  Then I'll at least have the false hope of upvotes somehow linking to magical fixes.  Maybe I can make enough false hope to be ok again.  Nothing will every really be ok.  Im in pain, a waste, worth much less than everyone else, and people are trash a lot of the time so that is saying something.  Life is terrible and I feel like all my hope for a better future is gone."	sw
"I think I’m a failure and it looks like my best friend does too I’m losing my best friend and my fucking will to live more and more every day and I just don’t see life turning up from here. Everyone says I have “so much potential” but I’m not motivated or happy by anything anymore, I’m so lethargic and my family hardly even knows I’m here so I doubt they’d care if I was gone.  Long story short, I found out from a mutual friend that one of my only two closest friends is talking shit behind my back about my housing/social situation.  My anxiety has been crippling me, I can’t go out, can’t get a job, it even fucked up finishing my college degree. Now I hear my best friend seems to agree that I’m a lost cause because she’s saying that just because she’s not “jobless and living with her mom” doesn’t make her life great... I get where she’s coming from but she knows how bad my depression hits me and it feels insensitive. She’s lived with me and watched me sleep for weeks not leaving the house and missing classes because of anxiety issues.   I listen to her drunken and drugged up calls about her threesomes at 5am where she’s basically just bragging about how amazing it is to live on your own, but I can’t even afford therapy let alone my own apartment, is she just keeping me around to compare her functioning life to my own miserable one?   Last time we spoke all she talked about was how she wanted to die and I can’t even tell her how much she’s hurting me because I don’t want her to feel abandoned by the only close friend she can be honest with."	sw
"What happens when you go to a hospital? Throwaway account for obvious reasons.  Recently I started being open about this kind of stuff. The doctor told me that if I got in a bad spot and couldn't get out, I should head to a hospital and they'll help me out.  What exactly does that entail? What sort of things do they do? I've had quite a few bad times but I've never really thought of going there."	sw
I am going to call it a night after 19 years. I am not good enough for this. I am too tired to try anymore. Leaving is the only option here.	sw
"Well,now I wait until Monday I wrote the note,I'm ready,just gotta wait until Monday to do it because  I have Monday off,I wish you all the best,goodbye"	sw
Mental illness can be lethal. Suicide is not always a choice. It doesn't even have to be due to suicide. In a lot more cases secondary problems like drug use or bad eating habits can lead to health problems.	sw
"I’m planning on moving to Colorado and I don’t know whether or not it will make me happier I sort of have no purpose of staying in Florida, no friends to bound me, I don’t really mind the family, I’ve a decent job and some friends in colorado but I’m pretty young and never been outside of Florida  Anyone who moved far away alone at a really young age? Share your experiences please "	cc
"Holy fucking shit I hate myself I always try to get drunk because I think it will make my thoughts more erratic and random, but really it just isolates the thoughts of self-loathing. I probably do this sub-consciously because if I focus on the reasons that I hate myself I will be more likely to kill myself focusing on only the negative things about me. (Obviously) I am going to ignore the “positive” things about me and only focus on the things that make me want to remove myself from this world. I say “this world”, but really we only get one life. I don’t want to start over, because there is no starting over. We get what we get, but I think that I’m too weak and pathetic a person to improve for the better. 5’11” (and a half that I sometimes round to 6’ to make myself feel better) and sometimes 160 pounds. I fluctuate between 155-160 but usually I’m below. That’s skinny as fucking shit. Basically skin and bone. I look at my wrists and I fucking recoil in disgust because I can see my individual wrist bones. Along with that, I am either extremely shy or don’t like people. Either way, I wish that I would interact with others more. What I “want” and what I “wish I wanted” are two different things. This is an incoherent mess, because (what I think is) luckily, I’m drunk. But when I’m drunk, I just spill my mind’s thoughts. This is kind of good, but kind of bad. I can’t talk like this while sober. This’ll be the end of this post because I have to piss. If someone tells me I’m not that bad, I won’t believe them. If someone tells me I’m a good guy, I won’t believe them. Just ignore me, because this post isn’t inherently suicidal. Yeah, I am suicidal, but this post isn’t saying that I’ll shoot myself in the head or choke for a couple minutes by hanging myself. If I banged myself, I would make sure that it snapped my neck instantly. I’m a (former state, wow, I’ve fallen pretty far) swimmer, so I know how scary the feeling of suffocating is. If I am going to kill myself, I’ll make it instant. Either jumping off a cliff, shooting my self, or having enough height while hanging myself to instantly snap my neck. That’s my (slightly or not, idk) drunk post. Respond if you want, I don’t care (I only say that to reinforce the “I’m a tough 17 year old” ego that I’ve adopted). Peace out, I probably won’t kill my self tonight, so maybe this post will be deleted. If you’re reading this, you should probably better invest your time with someone who has a rope around their neck, or a gun pointed to their head right now. May the world have peace, Patrick H. (I want to fucking scream but I can’t or I’ll be hospitalized :) ((ironic smiley face))"	sw
"Anyone else think certain mental health oriented subreddits may be doing more harm than good? Take for example depression subs. The main group of people who visit these subs are the depressed and the vast majority of the posts are about someone's depression. Surely a depressed person reading about others depression all day would only make theirs worse? I remember reading before the some eating disorders forums can be really toxic, so could this be a similar thing?"	cc
"I'm done I can't seem to maintain relationships. I try not to be an asshole, people have told me how nice I am. They also tell me I'm not fat or ugly(if I ask), so tf? Why can't I seem to maintain a romantic relationship. I seriously don't understand why and when I ask my friend, they ""have no clue"". Its frustrating as hell and I'm currently considering suicide because of it."	sw
I hate myself I want to die. I'm a failure and a disappointment. I'm disgusted in myself.	sw
"I wish I had died in Summer 2016 That's when I got extremely ill and ended up in a hospital bed weighing in at about 125 pounds. For months leading up to that I had known something was wrong, but I thought it was all mental as it had been in the past. I sought out doctors and therapists while trying to hang onto the job I had only recently started at the time. Some of my issues were indeed mental, but most of it was due to a physical illness that culminated in a 109 fever and ambulance ride from one hospital to another.  In my hospital bed one morning a doctor came in and rather coldly gave me bad news regarding my health. For several months after that I was diagnosed with a host of other ailments at follow up appointments. In those months I lost my job, my home, and most of what little connection I had with my family.  Today I am healthier physically, but mentally and emotionally I have not recovered at all.  Anxiety keeps me homebound 27 days out of each month. I have no close friends. My family is more distant than ever. I turned 30 in November and I still can't work, or even go in a store without the absolute misery of social anxiety. Most of my possessions are long gone, and a guy who acted like my savior in the last several months completely cast me aside and left me with less than I had when we met. My memory has gone so dark that I barely remember the final months I spent in my own apartment before I spent 3 full days packing everything up with a body that was still frail and sickly.  Since then my life and my world is empty except for my dog. I feel very regretful at age 30 for not following through with suicide attempts in my teens and early 20's. I could have spared myself this lonely nothingness. I still can spare myself further years of a detiorating mind and body. And I ask myself why not? I will never have kids or a family of my own. My phone receives 97% junk emails and little else. I won't get married. I'm too terrified of social situations to connect with anyone. And I have a chronic illness for life to go along with my depression, anxiety, and supposed Borderline personality disorder.   Deep down I know it's time to stop this slow, pitiful crawl towards the grave and just roll in. I was never meant to be here in the first place. And now I'm not truly here anymore at all. I died in Summer 2016 in that hospital bed in every way but physically.  It's up to me to put things in ultimate sync at last."	sw
"Has anyone else made a sort of deal with the universe and as a result of doing so something very unlikely happened like it is the universe upholding their part of the deal? This has happened to me twice, both the times I have made such a deal, it has happened. The first I was playing an online game, and there was a chance of getting a very rare item that I knew had a chance of probability of 1/2500. Before taking the chance I said if it is this rare item I will take it as a sign to go an peruse my dream career. Well I got the item, I was so shocked. I thought about this for a couple of weeks afterwards but to be honest I didn't honour my side of the bargain.  Well today I was playing online poker in one of those really big tournaments that can have thousands of players. Around 1700 started, and with 180 people left I was around 145th. For reasons I don't really know I thought to myself ""If I win this thing I will take it as a sign that there is some kind of balance in the universe and I have get my shit together, I know it won't happen, but go on prove me wrong"" I already plan to get my shit together, but now not doing so makes me potentially sort of accountable to something bigger than myself. The odds of both of these things happening is so slim. I am not saying I am ready to jump head first into mainstream religion and whatever is bigger than us needs to be praised and have endless personal sacrifice for, but maybe I should take this as a hint that life might be bigger just the literal aspects of it. Plus I won all of my football bets today. I am sure others will just think it is pure coincidence, and they might be right. Either way I went and bought a lottery ticket, because why not?  Anyone got any similar stories?"	cc
"What kind of musical instruments do you find nostalgic? I don’t know why, but recently, whenever I hear a harmonica, the first word to come to my mind has always been “nostalgia.” I don’t even listen to that instrument all that much. I just associate the sound with the word, I guess. That’s especially true when listening to [this!](https://youtu.be/zAf-8Y_STMs)    What do you guys think? What instruments do you associate with nostalgia?   "	cc
"Realized I don't know my friend anymore and I'm sad So one of my friends, my only friend really, is becoming someone I don't know. He told me he did acid recently and I'm not really anti drug but he was one of those super focused on what he had to do and now he's doing acid and starting to smoke cigarettes. I'm feeling super alone and definitely am learning that i need to be comfortable alone.    How'd you all cope with drifting from people? I've never really had friends so this hurts a bit. "	cc
"A part of me thinks, a pretty big part of me thinks, that I was always supposed to give up. And I am feeling like I've reached the place where it happens. I just want to settle my affairs correctly so that nobody feels bad. "	sw
"I looked in the mirror I just started crying... I was filled with so much hatred of what i was staring at that i couldnt hold it back. Not hatred of how i looked, or my body. Just me. My face turned so red and i just wanted to break the mirror! I didnt. Its still covered with a sheet... I dont understand why i have to feel this way! I thought that if i cut my hair shorter, changed the way i smiled, the way i stand... Maybe if i changed so much that i couldnt recognize myself... Id be happy.  But i just hate myself more and more every day. What did i do? Why do i feel this way?"	sw
Will this wish ever go away? Will I ever be normal? 	sw
"On the edge I've been thinking about suicide for years. I came up with a plan long ago, now I took the next step and assembled a sort of kit that has everything I need. I currently have no intent to go through with it, but the kit is right here in my room and I feel like I might just do it one lonely night."	sw
"Have you ever heard of a disapointment room? Almost six years ago now I bought a really old farmhouse and about five acres of land. My three young granddaughters lived with me and it was a great rural place for them to have animals and get out to play. There's a room just off the bathroom that oddly had a door that only locked from the bathroom, and one window that is just a single pane of glass, it doesn't open. I thought it was odd, it wasn't a pantry or closet, no poles for clothes, no shelves for canned foods. Just big enough for a bedroom set.  But who would want to sleep back there in case of fire?  I took the door down, I didn't want anyone locked in back there.    A couple nights ago my granddaughter's boyfriend asked to use the rest room. She showed him where it is. I heard him say ""Wait outside the door, it's spooky in here."" Then loudly, incredulously he called out, ""Oh my God!  There's a room back here where there shouldn't be a room!  THERE'S A BED IN IT!!""  I heard her tell him it's a disapointment room.  I laughed and said yeah I guess it would be disappointing to get stuck with that one. Then she said ""Mammy, that's a real thing. They're sad and creepy, Google it.""   So I did.  I had never heard of this before, have you?"	cc
"Someone just made my day without knowing It was a really simple gesture but it meant so much to me. Thank you so much, you have no idea what it means to me. Thank you from the bottom of my heart. You help me believing again. :)   what is a good thing or bad thing you guys are experiencing or experienced in the close past?"	cc
"I turned 22 today The first thing I thought when I woke up today was that this is another day I am still alive. After all this I still couldn't kill myself. I really am a coward. I know wishes don't come true. But if they do, I wish I don't live until my next birthday. I hope it's not some sort of an untreatable disease which will kill me everyday for the rest of my days and drain my family out of money. I really don't want to kill myself as it will hurt my mother a lot. But I wouldn't mind If I die in an accident or something. It's funny so many people die everyday. People who don't want to leave. Yet their lives are taken away. And here are people like me who wish to die every single day. Yet we don't die. Life's unfair."	sw
I am still hung up on that awesome movie Yesterday my fiancee woke me up to tell me all about that awesome horror movie he watched. It is a stressful one lol but really good that I am still thinking of it and its story. I am too happy for two reasons:  1- my fiancee has the best taste ever in movies (we share the same taste :D)  2- I watched a good horror movie and that is rarely happen because horror movies are no longer that scary.   P.S: the movie is A Quiet Place.	cc
"Today I'm celebrating by over-eating the peppermints from my can, because I know that if I save them up, I'll end up losing 10 at the at the dirty bottom of my bag when the can opens. Honestly this is so frustrating,  does this ever happen to anyone. Your trying to be frugal, and you end up losing out more than what you were trying to save on.    Anyone else have similar experiences?  How's your day/night been so far?"	cc
"I'm concerned about an ex, but most think they're cries for attention I have an ex from a relationship that lasted from high school past college. He was a good boyfriend in the sense that he was supportive and never abusive or unkind toward me. Obviously we both changed much throughout that time and devolved into friendship. Mostly I could not tolerate his seemingly outsized anger.  His family life was not ideal. His father was a domineering man, short of stature but not the stereotypical desire to live at the gym and judge his sons, sometimes violently, by their athletic prowess. Try as he might, the ex and his older brother did not excel in sports. Their father's anger was physically exercised on the eldest, the psychological abuse was saved for my ex. Catholic school, rod-rotting nuns and all, coupled with a meek, spineless mother added a misogyny bent to the equation. Watching friends and his brother die in high school from overdoses compounded the pain, depression, and anger.   I offer this brief background in the hopes it might clarify some of who he is. I'm aware armchair diagnoses are professionally unethical, but I'm truly afraid for his safety and others. Since we ended our relationship, I've attempted to remain friends. However the only communications I receive from him are pictures of girls he's having sex with, usually in some degrading form of bondage, or messages conveying his desperate desire to end his own life. Oddly his sexual proclivities seem to contradict his deeply held desire not to die while his mother is alive, lest she suffer the death of another child.  Actually, it's death of other children that scares me the most. While he's never expressed a fondness for firearms beyond a deep devotion for Call of Duty, he has unabashedly shown hatred for and said terrible things about children in general. He's said, ""Fuck your kids,"" to me specifically. These sentiments coupled with his suicidality really concern me. But should I be? Is he just working me? Thank you to anyone who's taken their time to wade through this.   TL;DR Is my sadistic, somewhat misogynistic ex looking for sympathy with his threats of suicide (which are mitigated with his hatred for children and sending degrading sexual photos to unwilling exes) or should I genuinely worry he might shot himself or a classroom first?"	sw
"Tell someone you appreciate them and everything they do for you A lady I work with just told me how much she appreciates me and the help that I give to her. She's a really sweet person and gives me these periodic reminders of appreciation. Talking to people like her makes me feel successful at my job. So I passed on the gratitude and told 3 people how much I appreciated them for what they do.  Guys, go out and tell someone that you appreciate them. I know it feels kind of awkward and embarrassing to say that to someone you might not be that close to, but because of that, it's it's that much more worthwhile on the receiving end. "	cc
"Finally picked up some Skilcraft pens after hearing so much about them... wow! If you're anything like me, you spend a ridiculous amount of time on Reddit. If so, you may have come across lots of redditors praising Skilcraft US Government pens. I know I did, so I decided to buy a pack on Amazon. They arrived recently and I can honestly say they're fantastic! If you've seen these before I'd recommend them, super easy to write with and hard wearing from what I can tell. Anybody else been pleasantly surprised by a Reddit recommendation?"	cc
"Do you fall in love with strangers? For as long as I could remember I've suffered from falling in love with strangers. It happens randomly, uniquely, and to my chagrin, quite easily. I wouldn't say it's romantic, or sexual... I struggle to describe the feeling fully. It is almost like a bout of intense and selective sympathy/empathy?    For instance, today during my commute I was wasting time on instagram. Sometimes you get in a wormhole and click from pic to pic to profile to pic and so on. I somehow landed on this gentleman's profile. I saw just a few photos (not even of what this person looks like, just their life and the things they choose to post) and my heart was full of butterflies. It's like an instant connection/feeling of fondness that is very unique, it's not like I feel this for just anybody.    I just knew that if we ever got the chance to meet in real life, or strike up a conversation, we would have an immense connection. And without them even knowing who I am, I know that I love this person and that I feel so much empathy for their struggles and daily existense.    This isn't just an online thing, this has happened to me in real life. On the bus, at the grocery story, on an airplane. It's like I see certain people and I feel this very real connection and love in my hearts. I've never told any one of these people for two reasons because I don't want to creep anybody out. This may be something that is very real for me, but not for them, you know? I don't want to overstep any boundaries and make anybody feel uncomfortable.  Sometimes I'd just like to let them know that they are appreciated and loved.    **Some conversation starters if you'd like:**  * Does anybody else experience this?  * Am I absolutely nuts for this?   * Do you believe in love at first sight?  * Do you think it is genuinely possible for one to love a stranger?    "	cc
"I'm lost and alone This weekend I was in a cottage with a bunch of friends from school, I have been feeling horrible for a few months now and didn't know what to do  When I was a kid I was bullied and betrayed by my friends, it has made it difficult for me to trust others, and hard to believe people want me around, I always doubt myself when someone compliments me and I never believe anyone who tells me nice things  All of a sudden, a bunch of feelings and issues I thought I had worked through in my childhood have come back, I'm scared and feel alone, I feel like I don't matter and people would be better off without me, this saturday, on the 7th of April, I was in the cottage shower, I sat down on the shower floor, took the shower head, wrapped it around my throat and leaned forward, my throat was tightened, I was getting red and blue, I felt like my eyes were popping out of my socket, then someone came in, and saw me almost lifeless, he was scared and was with me for 2 hours in the bathroom talking me out of what I was doing, the aftermath sucked, i tried to find a place to be alone to recover from what I just did, but the hardest thing was I felt horrible for making that guy come up to me in this state, later on he came to me and we cried our eyes out, the regret I got from what I had done was impeccable, he told his girlfriend what happened, which is fine, and one person walked in on us talking so he knows, in total, only 3-4 people know what happened in the bathroom, everyone else believes I was shitface drunk and vomiting all over the room  this is the first day of school after the incident, I want to go home, I want to be alone and stop bothering everyone, I wanna be open and talk about this with people, but I can't bring myself to do it, I can't continue like this"	sw
"Fantasizing about suicide Usual stuff: I’m depressed and I have suicidal thoughts. But I don’t see myself doing that in any time soon. Instead, I have just been _fantasizing_ about it.  I try to imagine how I could leave my body to be found... What I would write on my suicide note and what other people’s reactions would be. I picture people discussing the reasoning behind my decision, wondering why I would do it. I think about people telling others of what they have noticed on me that could indicate I was depressed. I think about the message I would leave behind to those who would see me dead. A song. Yes. What I ache for. “What Else is There?”.  The meaning behind these thoughts are quite obvious: they are just attention-seeking thoughts. I have come to accept that. I normally don’t seek for much attention around others. They just occur in my mind. My fantasies.   But I would like to ask people around here what they think about it. If there is anything else that it could mean.  EDIT1: English "	sw
"Want to shut my eyes for the last time. I feel nothing...except cold. I have no passion(s), no hobbies, no talents or skills. No future. No hope. Want to go to some deep woods, sit down at a big tree, and finally put a bullet through my head. I can save people from the disappointment of knowing/meeting me.  ""To know a life of pain and strife, too many years spent under the ice. I'm so alone. I've been living my life so cold, and I will die cold and all alone.""  Trapped Under Ice - Reality Unfolds. "	sw
"A thread for anyone with an obscure first name This is an oasis of tranquility and constructive discussion.  Free from those people who mispronounce it badly and then don't ask how it should be pronounced ideally. Free from awkward situations because of it. It doesn't matter if you resent your parents because or if you cerish it as a beloved part of your soul!  This is a thread for you.  A little backstory: My name is Brennan. It's a gaelic name. Brenn means ""Gaulish Chief"" and ""an"" doesn't mean anything. So my personality is half Gaulish Chief and half space cadet. I surprisingly got a lot of ""Brandon"" in school and whatnot which is really baffling. Somehow e=a and a=o. Oh well.  Welcome! :D"	cc
"2 boys on a bike Just now two 12 year olds rode past me on a bike and i heard one of them say: ""That dude looks hot""  Best and most honest compliment this year. Really didnt expect that one :)"	cc
"Should I spend $400 for an opportunity to be waitlisted at the school of my dreams ? I've been working hard for the last year upgrading my high school grades, hoping to get into a really competitive program. I ""passed"" the first two stages and now they want me to come in for an interview.... to get on the waitlist. It feels good knowing I qualified but I don't want to spend money flying out to this school (or driving 12 hours) and getting a hotel room just to be put on a waitlist even if it goes well. I'm financially drained from being a full time student all year. Also they only gave me ten days notice for the interview and it would interfere with some shifts that no one can cover.    Feeling bummed out today. Even though there is a small possibility I could still be accepted for the fall, I don't feel comfortable spending all the money and possibly putting my job in jeopardy for a waitlist position. Reddit what should I do? "	cc
"I gave up on everything, why live? I am 18 and I already gave up on everything. I don't get why I should live, I am wasting my time on doing nothing, I am in bed all day or playing video games, I stopped eating, what can I even do anymore? I'm boring. I'm not important to anyone. I have 1 friend, which I had feelings for and they rejected me yesterday. I didn't feel happiness for at least 5 years... I tried making new friends but I keep on driving people away because I'm depressed and boring as hell. Hell, even my dog hates me. I am considering killing myself, but I don't want my family(and that friend) to feel bad that I did it, I don't have anymore hope in my life, I don't think I'll ever be happy in any way. I am suicidal for at least 3 years now and I harm myself for around 2 years now, 2 years ago I was in an abusive relationship which is what got me to start self harm, my brother, until 2 months ago, used to hit me whenever he wanted to. I'm about to drop out of highschool(last year) because I can't get myself out of my room, I have a therapist for 3 years now and nothing changed in a good way. And meds don't help. I just think I'm worthless and nobody cares about me, but people WILL care if I kill myself, right? Maybe that's the only option for me."	sw
"People who are %100 murderers and rapist should be killed I believe people who take a life (no matter how old or how young) should be killed because they have prevented the possibilities of that person's life. I also believe the same for rapists because they have stolen the innocence from someone's or in (some deeply disturbing cases) an animal's state of mind. Both have managed to throw that person (except if that person is murdered), if not their families and their friend's mindset into complete and utter chaos. If there is complete and undeniable evidence that they have done these things, then I believe they should be killed. They have broken a social contract and not to mention the emotional damaged they may have caused. I would like this view to change because it has put me in multiple attempts of suicide and has denied me many relationships that would've made me happy. Yes, I am a rapist and yes, I do practice what I preach. If there is anything wrong with my logic please let me know.  edit: if you are wondering why i am posting here, It's because I could not post this on /r/Changemyview and it suggested for me to post this here."	sw
"My dog just “flirted” with a cute guy in the bus Every time I travel with my dog she chooses one person to “flirt” with (basically she keeps looking at them and wagging her tail furiously every time they look back and if they’re close enough she tries to get to them to be pet).   This time she chose this guy who sat next to me on the bus. Luckily he thought my dog was super cute so we started talking a bit while he was petting my dog. I thought he was a very good looking guy and the whole time we were on the bus together I was thinking to myself ‘I should ask his name (and number?) so we can meet up some time’ but I’m an idiot and I’m shy so I didn’t ask.. Then he got out and he wished me safe travels and he waved to my dog (or me? Who knows) before he left.   It was so sad, my dog was completely confused and kept trying to look for him. I’m also a bit sad because I have no idea what his name is and I can’t find him in any way, so I probably won’t see him again.   It did make my day though, so it’s not a completely sad story :) And who knows, I might see him again some time!    Edit: Added a [picture](http://imgur.com/bhyenz7) of my goofy dog"	cc
"Music Hallucinations Since my son was born two years ago I started hearing songs before bed. They only occur when white noise is on, as I need it to go to sleep. I have never heard these songs before. They're all instrumental and from different genres but amazing. I wish I knew anything about music to duplicate them. I'm just wondering if anyone else hears stuff as well."	cc
"What little thing has made you smile recently? I’ve been really stressed out about impending finals and research papers recently. Today was my last class before the exam period officially starts.  On my way home, I saw this toddler (a baby, really) with his mom, who kept waving at me.  I found it cute, and uplifting. He kept waving and following me even after I passed him. I noticed when I turned the wrong way and I had to turn around. He might have been curious about  my white cane, which I use because I am legally blind. I’ve found that kids that age tend to be fascinated by it when they see me."	cc
Just tell me a quick fast painles way to kill myself with house items 	sw
I don’t know anymore I can’t seem to be happy I lost all my friends me and this girl had a connection and were going to go on a date I canceled it and said I didn’t want to anymore I’m a fuck up my teachers tell me I’ve given up on school my parents yell at me for my shitty grades and all I  can do is sink my time into pointless video games that make me a worse people I don’t know why I’m here if all I ever do is disappoint the people I love and yet I can’t get anyone to love me back 	sw
"I can't wait for Google Earth/Street to update my house view. P This is kinda silly but the last time Google took images of my house was in 2015. Since then I have done massive work on the outside of my house and yard (it's a corner lot) and I seriously cannot wait for them to update the images.   My house looks a 100x better and it actually irks me that people coming to my house for the first time and looking up directions, have the old street view as their first impression.   I realize it's a very silly first world issue but I still wish they would hurry up and update the images. (And if they could do it in the summer when everything is in bloom that would be awesome!!!)"	cc
"Why do I do this to myself?.. I'm part of a group of friends. In the bigger circle its me, k, e, c, and p. in the smaller circle its me, k, and i. I've known k and i for a year now, and e for 6 years now. Recently, like the past 2 months, I've felt unwanted and like nobody want's me there. I feel like I am third wheeling everyone because I introduced E to C, K to P, and I to an ex of mine. Ever since I did, everything has been different. K and P have been distant to me, E has said some really mean things to me several times, including tonight, which honestly... are making me shut down... They are making me want to leave the friends group and possibly even not be alive.. but yet I stay in the friends group. I help them, Im there for them, I love them.... regardless of how I am treated. Hell, I even got K and I to see each other before in RL.... and in May K, P, E, and C are all going to see each other and meet because of me... or they are supposed to.... but I don't know what to do. I love them but I find myself more pushed away.   I've asked K and E about it several times and they said if they didn't want me here I would have been gone a long time ago... so it seems that they care.... main thing being is, I love all of them, I dont want to lose them but its looking like im going to. The way that I'm treated it hurts a lot... and I'm tired of losing people and I know K is too, so I dont want to leave them, also because I have a hard time finding people who will like me for me....  It seems like I cant do anything right to be honest, like I will never make someone happy or find friends who will be around forever. I honestly dont know what to do, and its killing me.... literally."	sw
"I’m scared I’m going to kill myself I’m only 17 and I feel like life is too heavy. Life to me is dull, repetitive and too painful. When I was younger I used to literally slam my head against the wall(a form of self harm you could say) but now I don’t even have the effort to do that. I feel like I’m not even a person but a ghost or a husk of the person I once was. Truth is I hate how the world is, the way it’s structured, how people are scared of expressing there feelings because of the risk of persecution - we’re forced to put on a mask of positivity to hide the true anguished face of our being.  I do believe in God however so I’m not scared of death even if that means going to hell but I feel like death is the only option. Those brief feelings of “happiness” to me are fake and emptiness is my natural state with violent waves of hate. I would like help but I don’t think all the help in the world is going to save me. I wished the fakeness was real.  One day the urge will become too strong and it will overcome me - just wanted to put this out there before it does."	sw
"Just when you feel like things are going to get better... I've tried taking life day by day. I really have, and yesterday it actually was going very well. Well late last night shit went down and now here comes another week of more big problems. It just never stops.   Thank god that tomorrow I will have a chance to really debate whether or not its worth going on in this world or not. And in a few weeks there are more problems I haven't dealt with that will inevitably come. Trust me, I know because I've created them.  I'm not going to go into detail on what's happened. I just want to know your thoughts during times where things may have gone wrong for you day in and day out. "	sw
Did anyone else have a hobby they enjoyed when you were younger but ended up dropping it for one reason or another and are trying to get back into it at the present? I'm 24 and in my last year of University studying History at the moment but despite my long post I love history still and hopefully if I make it through I'll start my PGCE.   Yet when I was younger during Secondary school I used to love drawing (though I wasn't great) yet what put me off pursing it further was when I asked the art teacher if based on my drawings I could pick the art course as a option and she flat out said my art wasn't good enough to do that.   After that I just gradually lost motivation to draw which in the end was on me as I could have kept trying to improve on my own but that hit my hard at the time.  Only this year I've been trying to get back into the swing of drawing again although it's pretty awful naturally after not drawing in years and I don't have as much time to work on it.  To be honest what brought this post on was the fact that I see lots of drawing posts on different sub reddits about how they have practised over the years when they were younger and are now great which is only natural but I don't often see many posts about people who started(or restarted) late with a hobby.   Doesn't have to be drawing but anyone else people trying to get back into a hobby they gave up when they were younger? How are you finding it?  Once gain apologies for this long post/ramble I don't usually post topics in general but was just kinda curious about anyone else trying to get back into old hobbies and how it's going :)	cc
I need a distraction from the pain 	sw
"Lost license = lost job = homeless = why live? Title is pretty self explanatory. Losing my drivers license due to getting anspeeding fine. Loss of license means my employment is about to be terminated as I can't get there any more. I have rent and bills overdue and I'm about to be evicted. I'm 60+k in debt at the age of 25 and I'm honestly ready to end it.  I've been looking into methods. You can't get guns here so either carbon monoxide poisoning, hanging or cliff jumping seem to be my most painless options. Really just want a fast and easy way out."	sw
"Failing school and wanting to kill myself Well I am currently 19 years old live in austria and go to school abroad, which means that my parents have to roughly pay 3000€ a year for my housing. I am currently senior in a higher technical school (equal to high school) and failing it, due to laziness and procrastinating. My parents constantly compare me to my older brother, because he is a straight A student and I can't handle the pressure. They would kill me, if I had to repeat the whole year, but even if I graduate, my grades will be complete shit, because it's too late into the school year. I wish I could turn back time, because I would have chosen another school in my hometown, but 5 years in it's way too late. Currently the only things in life that bring me joy is watching netflix, browsing the web and partying, but those aren't really things that will get you through life. I just want to die."	sw
"when shit doesnt work out for me and this last road is closed off im killing myself and none of you can stop me. im basically on the last road out of hell, and it is likely unrealistic for me to expect that there is not a brick wall at the end.  I am sacrificing everythign I have left and giving everything my absolute all to the point where I do not eat or sleep in order to work 24/7 without rest until my body fails me.  my health is in poor condition, and I cannot even take showers, eat, sleep, or use the medicines im supposed to because every second is a mad-rush to work harder. I cannot afford failure and every minute counts, every second of wasted time is a second I will not sleep for days. Its destroying my performance and ensuring failure in the end at this point since I cant keep it up indefinitely.  and its all for nothing, because in the end even if I overcome every possible odd in front of me, there is going to be a wall/hurdle that will be insurmountable at the end.  nobody can help me, and the few who do right now by also sacrificing everything from food to clothes, will not be able to help much longer or will die imminently leaving me on my own with nothing, no bank account, no property, nothing.  not a single family member... pretty much everything.  why even continue? why even fight?  sometimes I say its because im destined to end capitalism and become some kind of communist hero of the people and the most legendary thief of all time who literally steals the future out from under the elite and drives them to be a new underclass.  but thats just the last bits of my sanity failing me and trying to justify my continued existence for a false purpose that can never be won.  I'll probably end up a criminal, if I dont kill myself. probably even a successful one -- I was VERY good at crime for years, being heavily involved in drugs for many years and a highly successful kleptomaniac before that (never got caught, hundreds of dollars of shit) Police who had ideas about me because of association or watching my vehicle loathed me because I was so skilled at defending myself and hiding any and all proof.  im also a good hacker and highly intelligent in computer science, so I can probably be a great cyber-criminal.  but in the end those roads will just lead to more pain, so why not just end the pain once and for all?  why not stop the lack of sleep, the endless nights and the continuous destruction of whats left of my mind and just off myself already?  why keep trying for a better future I know cannot exist for me?  let me tell you something -- unless you can be an exception to the rule, if your starting from nothing in this world there is no equality. you are nothing.  everyone will have unfair advantages over you unless they are equally as impoverished. your intelligence, determination, all dont matter.  all that matters is how many continues you can buy with money. thats what this game is and im fucking sick of it. seems to me society was intentionally designed to pit us against each other like dogs to limit how many people can become successful.  sure, they give you little catch-22s here and there ""oh we'll help under X circumstances"" but if you dont make every decision perfect and meet all criteria thats worthless to you.  Id rather what little social programs and help we get wasnt there at all so that way people would hurt and would be under no illusion that things are ok so they would fucking stand up and fight about it instead of being pussies."	sw
"I'm sorry, to everyone I've let down. I'm a 19 year old kid living on his own, attending college 3 hours away from home. I was recently diagnosed with PTSD due to my upbringing under an alcoholic father and complacent mother. I'm so desperately trying everything to survive being an adult on my own, but whether it be money, or school or even friendships I'm a fuck up. I'm trying to land a fulltime job in this new city, I'm trying to eat healthier and lose weight, I'm trying to attend all of my classes and get the grades I need all the while keeping in touch with my family and friends. My folks are always on my case about when I'm seeing them next, but I cant just up and drive three hours when I work two part time jobs and have school. They say I'm inconsiderate, and try to guilt me into going home when that atmosphere is toxic for me. My father, who is playing the loving act after so many years just wont leave me alone. After abusing me and my mother up until I moved out, he calls me all the time letting me know he misses me. But that is mute at this point. Nothing I do, whether it be going to school, working my ass or being social is ever enough. If I just ended it then I would have no more expectations to meet, it would be my choice and that would feel truly liberating. But I'm conflicted, because I want a future. I enjoy life when its good. However I keep letting everyone down, even myself. I am so alone, I feel like I'm suffocating. "	sw
"I just tried to commit suicide and it didn't work help I need to commit suicide. I'm 15. I dont have a future. Im a disgusting trans, parents and siblings dont accept me and are hyper religious, I have no friends, not in school, bullied in my past, have anxiety to where i can talk to no one, not even my parents, depression as well, the only person I have is my boyfriend who is leaving me for some random girl irl because he doesnt like long distance. He's all i had. I tried to hang myself and let myself dangle for some time but i didn't pass out. I could barely breathe, each breathe was a tiny wheeze... I was trying to get a therapist but my parents are gatekeeping me from it. I dont find fun in anything anymore, I have no one to talk to, i'm stupid, retarded, and a waste of space. My heart is physically aching right now. I dont know what to do, Im going to try it again later when my parents are sleeping/not at home and this time ill kick the thing that was under me to make sure i complete it. "	sw
"This is the second time I’ve had a teacher assume I was dating someone I was just talking to Yesterday, I was just walking with a friend to lunch, and as I was walking I made eye contact with my old math teacher from last year. She looks at me, then looks at my friend, and goes “she’s pretty, (his name)!” and to say I was slightly uncomfortable is to say the least.    I get that it was probably just a tease, but earlier in the year I was called up by my English teacher and from there she went on about how she’s, “glad me and (another friend) have a good friendship or even a deeper connection, but I need you to help him focus because he won’t listen to me,” like first of all, who are you to ??? call me up and have a one on one talk about someone else’s actions???? like does it look like I control this person???? whatever he decides to do is on his part and not mine. This, at first angered the hell out of me, but I went back to my desk crying from how uncomfortable it it.   I’m just kind of tired of my teachers assuming I’m dating someone just because I enjoy their company. I don’t know, I’m kind of bothered by it to say the least. "	cc
"I'm so lost. Help me please. I don't know if I can do this anymore. I've completely ruined my whole damn life.  Almost 2 months ago I broke off the engagement with my ex who I was with for 18 months, and now I hooked up with a girl and her and I were together for 3 weeks and I loved the sex and the relationship. But alas, I couldn't stop thinking of my ex.  Well her and I broke up last Friday, and right after her and I broke up, I went and slept with my ex. Now I don't know what I want. I have 2 girls who really want me, and I don't know who would be better for me. I feel something for both of me. And I'm getting pressured into making a decision.  I stopped taking my anxiety meds because they made me want to harm myself even more than I already do. I just don't want to wake up anymore. I don't want to do anything anymore. I find myself skipping class, and I'm supposed to graduate with my degree this semester and I'm fucking everything up.  This isn't me, and I don't know how to find myself anymore, and I just can't take this. I hate myself. I hate looking in the mirror. I was hurt by my ex, but I keep thinking what if shes changing for the better and I can be happy. But then I have people telling me that the other girl is better for me, and not to go back to my ex.  I care so much what other people say/think and I absolutely hate hurting people. And in this situation someone has to get hurt whether its my ex or this new girl. God, I really hate this so damn much.  I tried hurting myself the other, all I could do was hold the knife up against me but I couldn't go through with actually doing anything. I want to feel physical pain because that's better than the mental pain I'm going through.   I'm so stressed and it eels like there is no ending to this train wreck. Someone help me please."	sw
Lessons for chatting with someone online and avoiding loss I normally dislike having conversations online because I tend to like them. Maybe you’ve experienced something similar? Or maybe you’re so good at avoiding them that you have techniques to share?    I know I am tired of trying to make something out of casual conversations. But I find myself committing the same mistakes time and time again. Confessing to these people and letting them act in certain ways...*sigh* I wish they won’t act so differently. And I wish I had better control over my emotions to avoid making them change the way they act.   I have to constantly remind myself about my feelings being imaginary since I haven’t met these people. Unfortunately I hadn’t been so good at self-censorship and it has caused nothing but heartbreaks and a couple of ghosting scenarios.    What have you found useful? I do not like feeling vulnerable and clingy.	cc
"A feeling that you don't belong Hey guys, I had a question for you. For a while now I've been starting to feel a general sense that I don't belong or fit into any of the groups that I've been hanging out with, I was wondering if that's just on me or if anyone else feels the same sometimes?"	cc
"BookCon (#92) ^^^^I ^^^^spent ^^^^0% ^^^^of ^^^^my ^^^^spring ^^^^break ^^^^doing ^^^^any ^^^^of ^^^^the ^^^^school ^^^^work ^^^^I ^^^^needed ^^^^to. ^^^^Oh ^^^^I ^^^^cannot ^^^^wait ^^^^for ^^^^graduation  Last year on the first weekend of June I went to an event called [BookCon](http://www.thebookcon.com/). It was exactly what it sounds like, a convention for books, readers, and authors. I went solo because I like getting books by myself and I figured I'd be able to see more of what I wanted to without having to appeal to someone else's tastes. It was an all right experience. I got a good amount of books, a few were signed by the authors standing there and 1 or 2 were free. As far as I know, there really weren't any big names there unless you went to the meet and greet area but when I looked at that list I didn't see anybody who I had actually read before (and only a very small handful of names I recognized despite working in a library for four years) so I didn't bother waiting in line for any of those. There were also some panels going on and I went to two, one about sci-fi and incorporating politics into the fictional worlds; it wasn't as interesting to me as I thought it was gonna be. And the other was about how much of an impact the rise in the YA subgenre is having on teens and reading and it was actually more interesting than I thought it was gonna be. I gave the day overall maybe a 7 outta 10 because I was expecting more than what I got. But that didn't put me off from never going again.  I just remembered the other day the BookCon should be coming up in June so I looked online at the list of panels and oh my goodness I'm actually overwhelmed by all the panels that seem interesting. I'm planning on going to the Saturday of the convention because all the panels I am interested fall on that day; but the problem is there are a few that fall at the same or similar times as each other and I have to choose what I am most interested in attending.  To start off, from 9-11am I have to decide if I want to attend the Sci-fi and Fantasy writing workshop or the fiction writing workshop. Both of these cost extra (but are the same price) unlike the rest of the panels and I am interested in both. I am more used to writing plain fiction and I think I would have an easier time writing samples from the prompts given there; but I also really enjoy reading sci-fi/fantasy and yet I never write it because, well a bunch of reasons. That workshop claims it'll help focus on ""how to combine mind-bending world-building with a powerful narrative drive"" (quoted from the website). So I have to figure out which I want to attend more.  Then there is a panel called When Reality is Stranger Than Fiction that is from 10:30-11:15 which interrupts both the writing workshop session but it sounds kinda cool about how thriller/mystery writers are basically competing with grasping audiences when what is going on in the news is more compelling than made up events. I think though that if I have to miss this panel for the workshops I wont be too disappointed.   The next panel that sounds interesting is from 11-11:50am and that is called Horror! Thrills! Murder! Oh My! And it is about building suspense in writing across genres. It sounds pretty cool and I'm sure I could catch most of it after the writing workshop I attend.  A few other panels go on but none that really catch my eye again until around 12:45-1:30pm where a panel that discusses world building and how to make that interesting is going on (this time with one author who I recognize but never read before). I think learning from that would be cool.   The next panel that interests me is called Magic and Power at 3:45-4:45pm has a bunch of authors that I recognize but again haven't read and it's talking about fantasy books and how magic/power affects the struggles their characters face and stuff like that.  The last panel that I am interested in is called Into the Booth: A Glimpse Into Audiobooks at 4:45-5:30pm. I've never listened to an audiobook but my real dream job has always been to be an audio engineer in a recording studio so it'll be cool to sit in on that and just learn about how recordings for books are made.   There were a few other panels that looked like they might be interesting but not enough for me to really go. This gives me a jam packed day of learning cool things about books and writing and in the down time I'll maybe have between panel sessions I can walk around the showroom floor and get books, meet authors (and hopefully this time be a bit more talkative with them, cause I had no idea what to talk about with any of them last year), and just enjoy being around other book lovers. The Sunday panels I am sure are also interesting, but when I looked at them they didn't stand out as much as all the ones I mentioned here did.  I remember one of my coworkers thought the idea of BookCon was lame but he goes to ComicCon almost every year so who is the real nerd here? I'll be sure to tell him I'm going to BookCon again this year whenever we work together again.  Have you ever been to a convention for anything before?  Would learning about different elements of writing, like those mentioned in the panels I want to attend, interest you?  Are you someone who enjoys reading books? If so, what kind?  Ever been part of a book club?  ---  ^^This ^^is ^^post ^^#92 ^^out ^^of ^^~~365~~ ^^360something ^^with ^^my ^^goal ^^to ^^have ^^a ^^conversation ^^on ^^here ^^every ^^day ^^of ^^2018. ^^Feel ^^free ^^to ^^comment ^^on ^^anything ^^I've ^^said, ^^answer ^^my ^^questions, ^^or ^^just ^^talk ^^freely ^^about ^^yourself ^^even ^^if ^^it ^^doesn't ^^relate ^^to ^^the ^^post. ^^I'm ^^here ^^to ^^chit ^^chat.  ^^It's ^^been ^^[19] ^^days ^^since ^^I ^^last ^^missed ^^a ^^post"	cc
Depressed teenager had enough of life 	sw
"I just love the little things My boyfriend and I have been going through a lot recently. Getting conservative family to be okay with us moving in together has been HARD. But I swear, no matter what, the little things always make the hard times better.   Last night we fell asleep together as per usual nbd. The little thing I’m gushing over comes in the middle of the night. Whenever I would shift around and stir him a little he’d blurt our, in the sleepiest voice ever, “I love you”. I’m not kidding, ANY time I moved. It made me feel so much better.   Tell me the little things that help you get through the tough times! "	cc
"I am not very creative I am a 15 year old male who lives in the north west of the uk. My life is a shit show with breef periods of forgetting how shit it is. I dont know how to make it better so I figure I should just make it end. I am 99.9999% sure I have depression and have had it for a few years, you will learn why if u can be arsed to read all of this shit.   My mum has been an alcoholic since I was 10 and she drives me crazy. I am going to compile a few short stories and one relatively long story about how bad she made my life. When I was 10 ir 11 she kicked my older brother out of our house for 9 months for trying to get her to stop drinking. When I was 12 she drank far to much and was going to go commit suicide but then we ended up finding her in our back garden hiding with cuts on her wrist (she had came back from the bridge near our house, the only reason she didnt jump was her fear of water so if she was on the top of a building she would have jumped). When I was 13 on Halloween we had a little get together with my best friend and his parents at our house, she drank about 5 bottles of wine and when my dad and I where showing my friend and his family how to get home by walking she threatened to kill my younger brother (who was 11) and herself. She then proceeded to yell untill dead in the morning at my dad for nothing and then threw a bottle at his head, of course she missed but it made a large dent in the wall. The police where called and she was arrested . The next day I had a break down in music infront of everyone. Last may/ june (I was 14) she kicked my brother out again for asking if she had drank some of his rum, he didnt even care he was just wanting to know if I was lying and I had drank it or if she had (of course she had but she wouldnt say which only proofed my point). After kicking my brother out she made us move up here from the east midlands away from all my friends just because our relatives live here. On febuary 18th of this year she attempted to commit suicide by slitting her wrist, the left one, wuth a bread knife (this is the story I will go into detail on.) It was around 11.20am, I was asleep in my bedroom after a long night of binge watching breaking bad for the 3rd time as it is a masterpiece and there is nothing good on uk netflix to watch, I heard a bang on my bedroom door which could only be my mum as my dad and brother where both out walking my two dogs.  My mum yells at me through the door ""open this door or I am going to kill myself"" I wasnt taking this threat lightly as my mum had been acting up all weekend, shouting for nothing and acting really weird then crying (this wasnt normal even for her.) So I rushed to the door and took the chair from under the door handle. When I opened the door she wasnt there so I assumed she went downstairs so I rushed down to stop her. When I got down I couldnt see her and something cought my eye to the right of me next to the stairs so I looked at it. Suddenly I hear my name being called from the kitchen so I turn around and there she is, my mum standing there with blood squirting out her arm. I still think of it and I find it really hard to concentrate. It is almost like whenever it is quiet and there is nothing for me to do I see it over and over again, each time it gets scarier and scarier to me but I can't stop it.  My older brother is the best person I know. He is more my friend then brother. Even though I dont ever see him we talk about 3 times a week and share memes quite a bit more.   My younger brother is a huge cunt who is nice around .1% of the time. I dont believe in abortion but I wish he was aborted  My dad is ok, he tries to be nice and of the time he is but sometimes he can be really annoying.   At school I do well. I tend to get 6's 7's 8's and sometimes 9's which are all good/ great. I have no friends really and pretty much everyone hates me. I have one friend online called ruby but I dont know if me talking to her, and me talking to my brother is enough to stop me from killing myself. I am just in a lot of pain mentally and I just want it to stop by any means possible.   About myself. If being an introvert was a religion I would be the equivalent to Jesus. I am somehow really good with maths, science and computers and get out of the house only for school and to walk the dogs. I cut a few times a week (down from every day as I am trying to stop). I want to move to either north US or Canada when I am older if I dont die because the uk sucks.   I know my life doesnt sound that bad on paper but living it is different, it may seem all right but I bet it is just the way I have wrote about it. My life is a living hell (if there was one) and if u didn't get that from this post it is because I am a retard and can't structure my writing for shit. "	sw
"I just can't do this anymore. I know my problems probably seem stupid to most people, but it's too much for me and I'm tired. Exhausted. Waking up every day feels like torture. Every night, I wish that I didn't have to wake up.   I'm 22F, I've been battling depression for three years now. I'm unemployed, I wasted my chance to get a degree from a good university because of my anxiety causing me to have to stop school. I tried going on meds and therapy for over a year, but that didn't help at all. It just made me feel worse.   I hate my family, but I have no choice but to be stuck and dependent on them. Yes, I know that if I just get a job and try to fend for myself and be independent then I could make it. But I can't even get myself off my bed on most days, so that's out of the picture. I'm weak and tired and I know it and I hate myself for it. I hear them talk shit about me all the time, and how terrible of a person I am, and how selfish I am. I end up hating myself even more. My parents are divorced, so I live with my mom and brother. My dad is even worse than them, so there's really no win as to where I could possibly stay.   I ended my engagement six months ago, mainly because I didn't feel that it was fair to be married to someone I didn't truly love. Someone I couldn't truly love. I ended up dating this other guy a month later, which made me feel like I could have a chance at happiness, but he screwed me over so hard. He gave me hope of a dream that I could really want, but after all the promises, he just dropped me. It just made my depression even worse. Waking up feels like I'm drowning, realizing that I've just been given up on again. That I'm completely worthless.   To make it worse, my family (with me) just moved to another country less than a year ago. So I'm stuck here in a new country, with zero friends, no job, and no will to live. I've been dreaming of killing myself for years, but I'm finally at my limit. I'm just trying to find the easiest and fastest way to do it. "	sw
"What will happen if I ask for help? For the past month or so I've been getting recurring suicidal thoughts and self harm urges, as well as been very depressed with heavy mood swings. I know I need to get help, but I'm terrified of what will happen.   For some background, I'm a minor (15) and I live in Canada, and I attempted suicide last year and was in inpatient for a week.  What will happen if I just walk into an ER and tell them I want to kill myself? I'm worried they won't let me go because I've been admitted before, or that it will be put on a record that comes back to haunt me in the future."	sw
"Gave it one last chance, this is the right decision I was going to end it a couple days ago even wrote a suicide note and packed all my belongings up. But I gave it one last shot.   I went to a club for the first time with my only friend bad idea. I looked around and asked why anyone would love me a ugly, anxiety ridden introvert who can't keep a conversation over these 'perfect' looking guys who can make a girl laugh and the looks she wants.   I then went to a church picnic with family feeling dead inside praying for death to take me while the pastor preached. After the service I saw everyone having fun and laughing talking with friends like it's nothing.   Feeling and seeing everyone look at me like I'm a piece of useless trash.  I just need a girl to hold me and tell me she loves me and it will be alright, im pathetic I know.  I've lost 5 pounds in 2 days and lost my appetite completely 2 1/2 weeks ago. Now my teeth hurt. And sever stomach pain after forcing a couple bites.  Now I'm just waiting for the cold numbing grip of death like my first attempt to give me the courage to do it."	sw
"I’m starting to lose my mind. I’ve been suicidal for a while now, I had an intervention type thing with my family and it was kinda eye opening. But recently I’ve been spiraling down this dark path where I’ve been getting really upset, thinking about regrets, I had a ex gf who I blew off for a couple months and I finally decided to try to get back with her and it didn’t work out she didn’t want me and I just can’t take it anymore. I constantly think about her. Get jealous of her new bf and am just overall really depressed, certain things trigger my depression and then which trigger my anxiety which doesn’t help. I sometimes really feel like I have a demon like sitting on my shoulders,  just waiting for things to get good in my life and then he just directs things down the wrong path. I’m losing hope, I’m losing motivation, I’m losing the will to live anymore. Idk "	sw
"I romanticize death a lot and I hope one day I’ll perish just the way I wanted. Only time will tell, the clock is ticking, the rope is ready. "	sw
"Due to recent events, I seem to have given up on school because what's the point? My life is REALLY fucked right now and I've started to notice that it's affecting my work ethic hardcore. I haven't done any important work at all the last couple days because I think I've lowkey decided there's no point in life anymore. I can just kill myself easily and everything will be okay. Even though I know this is false, I still can't seem to shake the feeling of ""nothing matters anymore""."	sw
"Should I sooner rather than later? My death date review is 8th of Jan 2019 but I'm sick of getting 3rd class treatment which I have had throughout my life up until now tempted to stick my head in front of a train sooner rather than later (they can't revive someone who is headless) my only hesitancy is my aging family (it would be harsh on them knowing that their only son wants to die faster than they will go, however they seem to be accepting of me wanting to die) I also have a bit of cash so I can get pissed before its done and will have the confidence to it idk if it should be done sooner or keep to the death review date "	sw
"Any other guys like to feel pretty? I want to feel pretty in a womanly sense if that makes any sense, I've thought about it and I'm definitely not trans but I do get jealous of the ways woman can be pretty.  Like I'll see a girl walking on the street with a really cute aesthetic/outfit/style that just isn't possible on men because of physical builds and gender roles. Maybe it is possible for men to dress and present themselves that way and I just haven't figured it out? Anyone else feel this way?"	cc
"What's your opinion on hot dogs? I personally like them but it seems like a polarizing item in the food world. Some people I know find them disgusting as they believe the ingredients are suspect, while others find them extra cancer inducing. I don't even know what it's made of but they still are tasty and sell well..."	cc
"Talking to new people makes me feel wonderful! I was just talking to a new friend online and they were feeling a little insecure, so i talked to them and helped them feel a little better :D  I love meeting/talking to new people because everyone is unique - I just am so interested in making new friends and finding out people's unique interests!  What are your interests? What makes you, YOU?"	cc
"It’s too late for me, I’m committed. Writing to you in the comfort of my own room with a gun on my nightstand after I’ve written my suicide note.   I’ve been seeking help for more than 7 years and nothing has worked for me, talked to all my friends, family, therapists, and hotlines.   None of them understand what am going through since I don’t even understand it myself.  Guess growing up in the shitty part of the world and cursed with being gay and plagued by a destructive family really isn’t helping, but none of which is the reason for my decision to take my own life.   It’s an unforgiving world out there that don’t give a fuck about a teenager REALLY seeking help and just think it’s a phase (my community at least)  The point of this post is that there is really no point, and just wanted to get this off my chest so at least I die feeling I’ve said it all.   Going out on my own terms, with my own hands. So FUCK YOU world for not listening to me when I most needed you and fuck you god for not answering my prayers to make me normal and creating a fucking mistake within me, FUCK. YOU.   Goodbye world, I won’t miss you. "	sw
"Have you ever had a really good nurse? I'm a trainee nurse, finishing my degree in August and I wanted to get some honest stories about good or bad experiences you've had with nurses, during a hospital stay.   In particular, I'd like to know if there was anything specific a nurse did for you that improved your experience. If there was an opportunity a nurse missed to do something that could have helped you. Or if a nurse did something that negatively impacted your experience being cared for.  I sometimes have these conversations with people I look after at the moment but the dynamic is different if you're anonymous online."	cc
I didn't feel it. I'm an emotional wreck and in all honesty I dont exactly know why. It's probably because I'm not taking my prozac. But does 40mg really make that much a difference. I felt like carving into my arm. So i pushed my knife into my arm just leaving some deep marks but not cutting. Then I'm here using the point/tip of the blade which I swear wasn't sharp to just doing a flicking motion across my arm. And now I have 3 nice little cuts. But I didn feel it. I didnt notice it actuallyt cut till blood came out. I'm a mess and I'm actually hurting myself I dont know what to do right now. 	sw
Help me please. I've almost hung myself twice already today. I just want the thoughts to stop. They won't fucking stop. I have my note ready. I have everything ready. But I know I shouldn't. Fucking shit just need some comfort right now please	sw
Been depressed for most of my life. I've been depressed for most of my life and for the last year I've been spiraling down into a deeper depression since my best friend left me. Now I spend most of my time in my room playing video games and watching TV by myself. The only time I go out is when I want to watch a movie or get something to eat. I dont have anyone close to me: family or friends to talk to nowadays. I stopped my medication and my health has been on a steep decline as I lost self esteem of myself. I also quit my job out of being mentally unstable lately. I really need someone to talk to since I cant even talk to my therapist anymore.	sw
"I'm sick of fighting the urge to end it I'm a horrible person, always have been. I have no empathy or sympathy for anyone else, I'm a huge narcissist, I lie regularly, I have horrible scary thoughts of hurting other people, and myself, and I constantly call people horrible things and hurt them for fun.   It wasn't even that bad until I got out of school.  Since dropping out, I've been incredibly lonely. I have nothing exciting or of substance in my life anymore. I fell into an incredibly destructive depression and I can't seem to get out of it. My family and I fight multiple times a day, I yell at them and call them things I don't mean. I don't even feel bad about making my own mother and father cry multiple times. I'm disgusting. I hurt people. All I've ever done is hurt people.  I've been suicidal for so many years but now seems like the right time. I can't do anything right anymore. I'm such a horrible person, a burden, and nobody wants me around anymore. I don't understand how I manage to love myself so much but hate myself so much too.   I want to do it. I don't know how I'm going to do it but I want to. I want to take a fuckton of pills and just not wake up or drive my car off a cliff or just use a rope idk. I don't wanna be here to hurt people anymore. I don't know who I am, I'm so scared, and nobody wants to help me because I treat them like shit. I don't belong here anymore. "	sw
"People who have attempted hanging: Did it hurt?How long until  you passed out?Did it leave you physicaly disabeled?  sorrt for asking these questions,if it's too much then don't answer but I'm just curious because I want to do it too"	sw
"I am lonely this Tuesday night, and desire conversation. As some talking points: I am a nursing major in college, spanish and chem minor.  I am a hobbiest powerlifter.  I am really into music and Pokémon.  I am currently trying to learn to play piano and having a very difficult time, any piano players wanna discuss practice techniques?  Also tell me about yourself, what your hobbies and who are you?"	cc
"Anxiety for no reason Does anyone else get anxiety for no reason at all? When you're just thinking about things that could no way go wrong, but in your mind, you think of all the ways that they could go wrong?"	cc
"What are your favorite games to play on an older PC? I have a 2009 MacBook that is on OS X 10.9.5, so it can’t support a lot of popular games. What are some of your favorite games that are available for older computers?"	cc
putting a date on it has really made me feel better NYE of 2016 I decied that i would end my life on jan1 2019 if my life and depression has not gotten any better. I dont know why but the closer i get to the date the less down i feel. Knowing that there is and out for me from my depression really helps me get thru my days.	sw
"Hotline called cops on me :/ Deleted as this thread is getting to many views, I fear of family members / anyone I know some how viewing this."	sw
"Fuck you I want to die. I fucking hate everyone and everything I want to break everything and cannot not fuck up. I ruin everything I do and can never seem to do anything right. I want to fucking break everyone's back across my knee and burn them alive. I can't do wellll enough in school for anyone to be truly happy. I have insane anxiety on where I will go to college and how I will do in life. I hate myself more than anyone else because of my inability to ever to anything right. Why the hell was i born? I didn't want to be born. I want to break everything and am often filled with rage because of how much of a failure I am. I fucking hate how my family never shuts the hell up and argues about everything and I mean EVERYTHING. I hate that I don't have many ""friends"" and I'm unsure you could even call them that. My only true friend was my girlfriend and she broke up with me because I'm to much of a fucking bum. She was my everything and I, for some reason, am unable to let go of her. I am currently drifting through the motions of life and I am watching everything slip away from me. That maybe my one and only, my grades, my 'friends', my conscious. I will do anything that will spike my dopamine level so I am able to escape reality. After my girlfriend broke up with me all I ever want to do is drugs because I makes me fell gooood and allows me to forgettt. I have quit vaping(gayest shit ever I will come to your house and beat you to a bloody pulp if you do it) and am trying to quit jerking off and smoking. I am just a disappointment to everyone around me and don't feel able to maintain what is expected from me. Sorry if you read this. Utter waste of your time"	sw
Im a toxic person. I'm toxic. I do nothing but bring shit into peoples lives. I deserve death.	sw
I want to end my life  I want to end my life I don't want to live anymore need  to  find  a  way  to  end  my  life im 55 years  old  lived  55 years time  to  end  it	sw
I am going on a beach trip. I think that’s when I’ll end it. Two good friends from middle school and I planned a trip to south padre. It’s a while from now but I think it’s a perfect plan because I will be away from my family so they cannot try and save me. I am already planning it all out in my head. This is it guys. It’s finally my time to end it. 	sw
"Reddit April Fools waiting thread? It just happens to be my favourite day of the year. Sadly I will be travelling, so just wanted to chill out as much of the day as I could, before I need to move.  Also I am way too excited for the April Fools that I don't know what to do while I wait."	cc
"I just wanna kill myself I should have been an abortion, I’m a disappointment. "	sw
"So much pain I really wish it was legal for me to get medical assistance with dying.  Life just seems to be getting worse, and I have increasingly less energy to continue surviving.  I'm a trans woman in my 30s.  Since my earliest memories, I knew there was something wrong, but thought it was ridiculous that I wanted to not be a boy.  Every day I would get reminded that I was a boy, that I would grow up to be a man, and that anything else was inconceivable.  I was told that I had to learn to perform masculinity, and being the people pleaser I am, I did my best with that.  When puberty hit, my world crumbled.  My voice started deepening, I grew facial/body hair, and I started looking more and more like the man I never wanted to be.  I also realized I was attracted to men.  Probably because transitioning still seemed like science fiction to me at the time, I came out as gay.  I endured a lot of bullying and hate when I came out in high school, but hey, that was the early 2000s.    At age 30, I finally came to terms with the fact that I wasn't a gay man.  I hated being male, even a gender non-conforming one, and started realizing that transition was actually a possibility for many people.  I came out a second time as a trans woman, found acceptance in my family, started hormones, changed all my papers, started gradually being gendered as female, met a straight guy who happened to find me attractive, and even underwent bottom (genital) surgery.    By all accounts it would seem I'm a trans success story, but that is wrong.  I have been spiralling down into this bottomless pit of depression and anxiety.  Although pre-transition, my maleness brought me so much pain, now that I've completed transition, I feel so much more dysphoria knowing that I've done most of what I can and still see a man in the mirror.  Whenever I'm out in public, I have a constant fear of being 'clocked' (found out as trans), and it's gotten so bad that I never leave the house.  I experienced a lot of violence and harassment early in my transition, and every time anyone so much as looks at me for longer than 20 seconds, I start panicking thinking my life is probably going to be in danger again.  Yes, I pass in the sense that no one (including completely strangers) has referred to me as a man in a year and a half, but I know that the majority of people can probably 'tell' after taking a closer look at me.  At 5'3 I'm also a really easy target for harassment, so people are completely uninhibited in laughing or snickering at me.  At best, I've transitioned to a very odd-looking, masculine, androgynous woman.    I wish I could undo everything, but (a) I've built this life around my female identity, including a relationship with a man (and his family) I'm not even sure I deserve, and (b) I keep remembering how awful my dysphoria was pre-transition too.  No matter what I do to my body, or what I call myself, there I am: a person with crippling dysphoria who is unable to escape from their pain.  I so wish I could end everything right this second.  I can't help but feel this life was not meant for me to be in.  "	sw
"Got a paycheck, I can afford to kill myself again. I'd say that's a pretty good start to the week.  It's kind of stupid to think that I'm too busy to attempt because I feel so busy with work but I also remind myself, it's work and these relationships that's driving me to want to do it.       I feel guilty about going to a wedding this weekend because I just don't have the heart for any happiness but it would cause a lot more strife to do anything before hand. What weird little reasons I keep finding to not do it but it never changes this bottomless emptiness I wake up with everyday.   Please, just let me get into a horrible accident, fired, shot, have a heart attack, anything lethal before the week is up or as soon as possible. I'm just so fucking tired. "	sw
Do we cry because it's a clash of emotions we are feeling? i.e. sadness = crying  No Sadness + happiness = crying  Yes Or any of the other many emotions that are opposites. We may not recognize the conflicting emotion but its still there. 	cc
"Another one bites the dust;> Im not even gonna describe my life because it's the same crap ""my life is miserable I have no friends I'm a lonely 18 year old who wants to have a sword sticking out of his neck."" I get bullied to hell because of my race and my opinions and I want it to stop. I stopped giving a shit about life and just watched the world spiral into an oblivion of hell. To be honest I don't even know why I'm writing this, well you all know the drill but y'all can't stop be no more. Peace boys and girls.  "	sw
"Side Hustle Anyone here work a full time job and have an online side hustle to make a few extra bucks?   I know that I could be an Uber Driver, but I want something that I can do while I'm still at home with my kiddo. "	cc
"I’m so goddamn tired. Please don’t let my religious views be correct because i don’t want another life, i want nothingness. I want nothing more than nothing. I had goals for life, me and my grandma made bucket lists at the same time, and when she passed i finished hers. Mine is almost over and i don’t even want to finish it. I’ve done everything i want accept 3 things. These 3 things seem more and more impossible with every growing day. My roommate (brother) is helping me with rent because i was ghosted by my company, and with one of those 3 things coming up, i am wondering if it’s worth it. I want to see Ozzy Osbourne live I want to be a raptor rehabilitation vet I want to be happy. That’s all that’s left and you can guess the easiest one that’s coming up. I’ll be going to rockville in florida at the end of the month with my fiancé and brother ishmael, and i probably won’t be coming back. I wanted to be happy. I wanted to show the world great birds of the world.  I wanted to be happy but every time i’m happy something explodes in my face. I’m so sorry mom and dad... you payed for my last trip. I wonder if he’ll regret getting the tickets... i want to see my sister while i’m down there and then i’m overdosing on whatever drug i bring. I wanted to be a musician, i wanted to be a magician. I wanted to make the world happy so i could be for once in my life. But Abra Kadabra; i fucking suck at life. I’m so goddamn selfish that i can’t be happy when everything’s given to me. I’m tired of whining. I’m tired of being broke. I’m tired of being unhappy. I’m tired. I am physically tired because it hurts me to be this tense all the time.      I can’t breathe when people talk to me about my problems because i know i’m broken. The only way that i can express that is through music or typing and no one wants to sit and wait, and no one likes my music (not even me). Don’t miss me. Don’t talk me out of it. My need to do so gets worse with every new hallucination every night. My supposed “closest” friend wants to hear none of my pleas for someone to help me. My brother has problems too... i don’t want to burden him... my life is good, but i can’t escape the need. I want nothing forever, i don’t want to restart... I just wanted to be happy. I hope the show is a good one.  -Moon"	sw
"At 26, I'm looking into the process of buying my first car independently! Long story short: Over the years, I've had a couple cars, but the purchasing/financing was always taken care of by my parents. My current car is my mom's old 2004 Jeep Cherokee. It has low mileage, but my job requires a 80-mile commute (40 each way). Jeep's are not *that* fuel-efficient, if at all.  This is an exciting learning process and I'm excited to make an intelligent purchase. How about all of you? Any major purchases or successes you've found recently?"	cc
"I'm feeling really good about my thirties I'm not really sure what it's all about, and since I have always been a pretty pessimistic/negative person I feel as though this can't really last or something bad is going to happen because I just feel excited about my thirties.          Got married in my early 20s, still going strong, have a little one, and it has all been difficult but worth it. My 20s were full of hand-wringing and worrying about what to do, where to be, and even what to believe...  Now, I realise that I have a better grasp on things..    and things are not as dire as I felt they were as a teenager and 20s-er.          I'm feeling hopeful that my thirties are going to be a new journey of self discovery, without as much anxiety and hand wringing, and exploring. While I can't just pick up and travel across Europe because I have responsibilities, I can do and be a lot of other things that I couldn't in my 20s.          Anyway, when I was a kid I thought 30 was so old but I feel as young as ever. I've also started exercising, eating better, working on hobbies.       Anybody else feel that way? What do you think?      "	cc
I don’t know if I can go on. So my birthdays tomorrow and it just means another year of suffering. I think about suicide every day but I don’t have the courage to go through with it. The emotional pain is so unbearable and all I want to do is self harm. I need some light on my life I’m turning 19 and I feel so alone. 	sw
"What's the last cool thing you discovered on youtube? So I stumbled across this whole genre of music edits that make the music sound like how it would play outloud in an abandoned shopping mall, or like if it were playing from a different room etc... it's typically done with old 80s music, but it's really fun and sounds awesome and it gives you really strange emotional feelings lol.  Check it out:  [Toto - Africa - played in an empty shopping mall] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D__6hwqjZAs) for me this one makes me feel happy-sad  [Foster The People - Pumped Up Kicks] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qkqdVIfgt6k) - for me, this one makes me feel creeped out and anxious especially the opening bit before the vocals start... I feel like I would be running to find an unblocked exit.... with no luck. "	cc
"Thanks for playing Well, it's all decided. Got the blade. Life is an interesting game. Thanks for everything. I didn't see much of it, but oh nevermind. Maybe I wasn't meant to go far. 18 years. At least I'll die young I guess. Thanks for passing by. Farewell."	sw
"Think I Need A Tire Alignment Yeah, for the past week or so my car's been really shake-y when going about 45-50. I don't know if I'm overreacting, but I feel like the driver side front tire is gonna fall off.   Anyone else having car woes?    Update: Way worse than that. Looking like a $1K fix."	cc
"After 6 years of doing absolutely nothing with my life, I'm looking at University courses. I mean, I *have* been looking for jobs (unsuccessfully), and it's not like I haven't *thought* about going back to school, but I've never actually looked into it. The idea of student loans always kind of terrified me - regardless of whether I can get help with them - as I'm pretty poor. And I don't have a solid idea of what I'd want to do; extend what I studied in college since I love the subject, or do a different subject I love out of variety, or do something more practical and bland that is more liable to lead to consistent employment afterwards. All I know is, it seems it would be better to spend the next three years studying something I enjoy with the chance for new experiences followed by potential decades of nothing, than *just* the decades of nothing. Anyone else have any experience going back to school? Anyone who's been to college/uni, was the time and money worth it?"	cc
I keep realizing The Pixies have influenced my music tastes more than I know. I'm 24 but I've always been a huge fan of 90s alt rock and indie music. Found the Pixies years ago (probably from a Kurt Cobain interview where he mentioned them or maybe their song being featured in Fight Club) and really fell in love with the albums [Doolittle] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GZRpANN4NF8&list=PLhj6R3nBEgyIdyIVKV2XDfDUdyhcWsWpw) and [Surfer Rosa] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yaYNwEoYzmI&list=PLggUsCKb74eI1GCaRpdXXq9wJ-Htsozij).  A couple weeks ago I picked up [this album I've always really liked] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n5CJg4kZtnM&list=PLA51A0F1571794570) by a band called Black Francis and gave them an obligatory google then realized it's a band by the lead singer of The Pixies Francis Black.  Today I was listening to this song I really love by [The Breeders] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AFIOKQpHfHU) and googled them to find that the band leader is Kim Deal from The Pixies.  I feel like kind of an idiot for not knowing these things. I wonder what other bands I listen to unaware of who's in them?	cc
"What is your third place? For those who don’t know, here’s what Wikipedia says the third place is.   In community building, the third place is the social surroundings separate from the two usual social environments of home (""first place"") and the workplace (""second place""). Examples of third places would be environments such as churches, cafes, clubs, public libraries, or parks. "	cc
"I did something nice but with different intentions than I started with For context; I'm an undergrad that lives in a shared house with people I don't really know, tldr my to-be flatmates got... weird and I got out of there, and ended up here. Isn't awful, isn't great - can be a bit lonely because everyone here is here to study and live and not really be insanely sociable, which is weird for me because I'd just come out of uni accommodation where everyone is always in your room, or you theirs and so on.   So one of the girls I live with has her dissertation coming up and she's been really stressed and nervous and working absolutely tirelessly to make is as good as she can, obviously. Before I left for Easter, another housemate had really upset her by nitpicking at her not doing her rota chores perfectly because she'd been working on her diss, and I caught her sniffling in the kitchen eating supper and working. I have no idea why (we're not close in any respect) but this really got to me. I did her chores for her before we all left to go home for a few weeks, and told her not to mind him.   This has been playing on my mind since I got back nearly a week ago. She arrived home a few days ago, clearly very stressed and tired, and I just wanted to do something nice for her, so I picked her up some snacks yesterday. I wrote a note on them, but before I could put them in her cupboard, I stopped to think. What's the point in one random act of kindness? Everything.   I changed the note, and asked that she enjoy the snack and the next time she saw someone struggling, to do something kind, even if she didn't know them that well. Pass the nice along, if you will. Idk. I began wanting to do one nice thing just for her, which would make me feel good and her feel good, but I finished up wanting to try and make that kindness and feeling ripple.  I really hope she does well, and that she continues the chain.   I hope you all start your kindness chains if and when you can! One little thing can make someone's week! "	cc
"Help! I can't think of an iconic black character's name. He's similar to Mr. T, kind of a tough guy backhands people a lot, aggressive as shit and I think he has a cigar a lot of the time. His name is just one word like Slash or something like that. Help please it's driving me nuts! "	cc
"Please help me. I have an online friend who's friend (I believe is online) is having suicidal intent. They are both minors (I am not) and the suicidal friend is claiming through text that the next time they are home alone, they *will* kill themselves. We only have their first and last name and what state they live in, though I believe someone has their phone number.   I would like to know what steps I can take to call or text somewhere or someone that would get them into a safe place where he would be supervised so that he wouldn't die. Any information will be directed to the friend. Thank you for reading."	sw
"Having awful time at college 😞 I score above average even sometimes without studying because I have understood the concepts and all, but lately I haven't been revising (because of my smartphone addiction) and it has reflected badly on my grades  I feel anxious whether I will even pass in today's practical exam, have been for yesterday's too  I usually have everything under control but once in a while I get off track, just wanted to tell you guys and if you have any tips for me, i would love to hear them"	cc
"The mysteries of Reddit Reddit is a wonderful place, filled with strange individuals. You can discuss many topics, hear about experiences, and learn new things. Whether I agree or disagree with the Redditor I am talking too. I usually make an effort to upvote their responses. So it saddens me when I upvote the responses and somebody else nullifies it by downvoting them. It happens more often than you would imagine. I never understood this mysterious behavior.   What are your thoughts on the mystery? "	cc
"i feel like nothing is going to get better people always say “it gets better” but what if it doesn’t? i’m at a point where i feel like everything would be so much better if i wasn’t around and i wouldn’t be a problem. i’ve tried to make things better. i’ve tried for months. i guess my tunnel vision is ruining things for me as well, but i always seem to ruin every relationship with nothing than my own words, and i hate myself for that. i’m hopeless, and i don’t know what i am capable of doing. please tell me what to do"	sw
"I have no other option I’m 14 and had unprotected sex with one of my best friends ex boyfriends, she doesn’t know and I think I might be pregnant. Its like my worst nightmare coming true. I’m taking a test tomorrow and if it turns out I have no other option except suicide. I can’t talk about it to anyone because I know I would be judged.. it was such a mistake and I feel horrible. I can’t tell him because I know he wouldn’t know what to do. I can’t tell my parents either because I feel like I’ve already put them through enough and I know they wouldn’t be supportive. I really just have noone to go to and I feel so alone. I am not even remotely ready to have a kid and I don’t know what else to do. "	sw
"Asking for practice questions Has anybody here tried asking professors for practice questions? Is this ok? I am currently studying for a Journalism exam. While it is not that difficult, I have failed exams in the past and really want as much practice as possible. Is it ok if I ask professors where I can find practice questions? Thanks."	cc
"I really want a reason not to I don't care about attention. I'm a failure, I live with my parents yet I'm in my twenties. I feel as though I'm a burden. I know I will inflict pain if I end it, yet I know I inflict pain simply being. I've been suicidal literally since I can remember. I feel like ending it will hurt at first yet it will overall benefit my family. Shit I don't even know what I'm asking here really. I guess I'm just trying to justify it "	sw
"I need something to say At this point I don’t know, I’m typing this after an emotional break down in the bathroom, and I just can’t say anymore, I give up, I have so much that I can’t say or can’t express but all I say is I give up, and knowing that this blood on my wrists, and pain in my chest is temporary makes me feel so much worse, I’m a failure, and at this point I just don’t have any other place to turn, maybe I hope someone will care one day, but here, I will just say, I’m sorry, to whoever does"	sw
Let's play truth or dare (possible NSFW) I'm bored and want to play truth or dare with everyone. You can ask me or pick truth or dare for me to give to you. I will answer honestly no matter how personal and do my best to do every dare. Make it interesting or make it simple. I'll play as long as you all keep it going. Anything NSFW can be sent as a PM so we can keep this sub pure. 	cc
"I sometimes what is the reasoning why I sometimes receive unknown calls from an unusual number or even a call from another country Not sure if anyone else experienced this but once in a while, I received calls from a number that I never saw before, sometimes even a call with an unusual telephone area code or sometimes from another country.  I sometimes wonder what is the reasoning behind sending calls where the caller asks me about my computer anti-virus software, sometimes if my alarm is working correctly, or sometimes as soon as answer the phone, it hangs up.  I sometimes wonder what the caller is doing from the other end. Whether he/she is accessing my personal info or doing something else in the background that I am unaware of"	cc
"Does anyone else practice conversation before meeting up with a person? I’ve seen it on tv where people practice conversations in the mirror, but I’ve noticed I’ve been doing the same lately. If I’m about to talk to someone about something important I tend to make up scenarios in my head, or practice comebacks to prepare myself...anyone else struggle with this?"	cc
"Need to know about some colleges and universities in Canada that are good and easy to get into. Currently, thinking about going for Digital Marketing or Animation/VFX, as I completed my Bachelors in Technology ( Computer Science and engineering ), and I'm from India (just in case) "	cc
"Mad anxiety attack this morning What are some of the ways y'all cope? I just had this freak out of a terrible morning regarding my classes, work, future, etc. lungs felt like they collapsed. I couldn't move.   It's subsided a bit now but yeah"	cc
"Stronger and more talented people have committed suicide. I have been battling suicidal wishes for about a little more than 10 years. Depression and anxiety, for as long as I know myself as a person (29 and soon 30).  During this time, I have seen strong and talented people commit suicide. From famous artists to my own father. If these people eventually found as conclusion that they should end their life, I wonder what are the chances of me surviving this. I think it's likely that I will get to that point too. Have gotten pretty close many times, and the way I'm planning to do it, there is zero chance of surviving anyway.  I had heard that suicidal thoughts were stronger while close to personal tragedies and on people starting antidepressants and on young people. I've gone through those phases, and it's just gotten worse. My fears about failing in life have actually become true. My family is shorter and shorter, my friends are gone, I live in  complete solitude in an empty apartment, filled with filth that I don't have the will power to clean, I eat barely nothing, sleep terribly, hate my job (where I am abused everyday), and think about suicide every five minutes of my waking hours. It is a nightmare scenario that I predicted years ago.  I know that there are people like me out there. It would be nice to meet them, I guess. It would also suck. Life is obviously full of happy and sad moments, but something went wrong for us. I think in previous times we would be dead very soon, and now we are blessed to live this torture over and over while receiving here and there some glances of how life was supposed to be like. But those glances are teases, they don't last long, and it's always a question of: is life worth living for those tiny moments?"	sw
Does anyone else prefer TV/Radio as opposed to Netflix/Spotify? I don't understand why but I feel comforted by commercial breaks and the randomness of what episode/song will play. Does anyone else feel this way?	cc
"Im contemplating suicide I have this vicious cycle of destroying absolutely everything in my path. It's not completely my fault, I was born fucked up. My parents adopted me when I was 3 and I had a lot of issues. I never really was able to bond with my adoptive mom after being diagnosed with Reactive Attachment Disorder. I'm also bipolar af. Been hospitalized 3x because I'm crazy. Me and my mom created this never-ending cycle of retaliating against each other. Eventually after fucking up so bad I got kicked out and was sent to a group home. I have destroyed everything for as long as I can remember. I ruined every relationship with everyone in my family. My ex dumped me 2 years ago because I was a fucking mess. After that I went crazy and got super fucked at this party and ended up getting raped. I haven't told anyone. I am now dating a super great guy and have a good job and go to school but despite that I'm still fucking miserable. I have built myself a house of cards and I'm just waiting for an inevitable catastrophe (me) to go and fuck it all up like always. I am sick and tired of trying over and over again. I am just so drained physically and emotionally and I just want to make it all stop."	sw
"The inevitable truth I am going to end my own life. I don't know when, where, or how. Like many people before I feel as though I will continue to live my life and maybe even be successful, but I will never feel happy again, that was taken from me in some way or another. I am not even sure how it happened. I might do it tonight, I might do it in 34 years. I don't know how long I will last, but I am trying my hardest. I wish I could be strong enough to not feel this way. I wish I could believe others when they tell me positive things. I make myself unattractive, I make myself fail at things. The more effort I put into something, the more disappointed I am with the results. I can't see anything positive in myself, only in others. I feel doomed to commit this attrocity. I need help. I have been reaching out, but nothing seems to make a difference for more than a few minutes at a time, now I spend all my time at the bars whether I am drinking or not. "	sw
I feel like I'm smothering I don't know what's wrong with me.  I just feel like like I'm in the middle of a huge implosion.  Everything feels likes it's crushing me.  I hate feeling this way.  I think about suicide on occasion but I don't know that I could ever do it.  I just want to take an unlabored breath and feel happy without feeling bad about it or waiting for something horrible to happen to me because i almost relaxed.  Kind of pathetic!!  But that's me.  	sw
"Is Camden in New Jersey really that dangerous? I have stumbled upon this video and it shows a man driving and walking at night Camden, New Jersey, filming with a hidden camera in an area that seems impoverished to me.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bpksIuhu2Vw  Even people are commenting the braveness of this cameraman and his courage to go there. As a German who has lived for a long time in a country where many people hang around at night with their friends, this place doesn't seem dangerous to me at all, quit the opposite actually. I would feel unsafe if the streets are completely empty.   How would you describe the situation there? It would be nice if you're American and familiar with Camden or any areas similar to it."	cc
"What if we are what we are (i.e personality, friends, ect.) Because a past self wanted it to happen. So in your previous life, when you're on your deathbed (or after death) you can decide what you want to be in the next life. This would explain why rich people sometimes show off their wealth. And example of this would be if, when you're close to dying, you wish to be an average person with nothing exciting in your next life"	cc
What time is your bed time usually and why? Do you ever feel lame if you call it early on nights when you are sad or bored? How early is too early? What time do you normally wake up on your day off and on your days at work?	cc
i go extremely depressed everywhile Im 19. ive always hated school still does with college. I really hate how i got bullied and abused as a kid and learnt nothing but being dumb and getting lowest grades possible because i cant memorize. i always got really bad bad grades.. i failed subjects when i was 6-8 yrs old. i was always the worst student in my class. as you probably can tell im still very bad at college and failed 2 subjects. im even in a college i dont like because i couldnt memorize stupid shit to choose my subjects. My parents are always sad everytime they see my results. Every single year. Never ever was good. my entire education career was just failure. i feel like a loser every now and then. most people i knew at my age have a bright future. i really hate doing that to my parents. I always try to get better grades but i just cant. I already accepted how bad i am since high school. I just hate how embrassed i am infront of my family members. I cant get over it.	sw
"Bummed about dream job salary Hey guys. First time posting, long time lurker.   Idunno. I just wanted to tell someone.   My dream job is a Mortician. The science behind death is very interesting to me. I also want to actively help people. I want to help those mourning. I want to make their passed loved ones look like they’re peaceful. I want to help them have closure.   But, the salary in my state for a starting mortician is 21,630.00. Which is not sustainable. So as an alternative, I’m going to be an EMT.   Tell me some of your dream jobs, or current jobs if you enjoy those. :) I’m interested. "	cc
"A celebrity liked my tweet... After watching the first episode of Krypton, I went to Twitter to say that I think Dean Cain should have a role in it, since I will always associate him with Superman related stuff. And then he liked my tweet!! I almost fainted. Haha. "	cc
"When Ignorance Laughs I just searched for ""double usb cable"" on Google. The result was ""male-to-male usb cables"" at Wal-Mart and Amazon. My initial reaction was ""ha! they're gay!"" and a big chuckle to myself. My next thought was ""god that's the most stupid laugh I've had all day."" Then I chuckled again at my ignorant thought.   What ignorant laughs have you had recently? "	cc
"Woke up today, to see a dream come true. Woke up today, to the news of my exam results. I am finally going to become a doctor. It's just 1 year of internship left.  There was nothing surprising with the exam results for me. I knew that I am going to pass my exams. What was surprising was that I managed to secure distinction in two subjects: Obstetrics and gynaecology, and pediatrics.  What makes me more happy is that my health was not at all good for last few months. I was unhealthy even during my exams but I kept my shit together. My disease would sometimes make me feel frustrated but I never let it affect me for a long time.  I kept telling myself that it is the pain which will make my success more enjoyable. And it is, indeed, more enjoyable."	cc
"Adult Sports Rec Leagues It's spring and I'm kind of interested in playing sports. The thing is, I've never been good at any of them. (incoming PTSD story) I have this experience stuck in my head. I used to go to a rec center a lot and just shoot 3-pointers. Like, just by myself, not playing in a game. Then one day, somebody came up to me and asked me to play in their game because they needed another person for equal teams. I didn't want to and I told them I'm just shooting around, but they insisted begging like ""Come onnnnn, you'd really be helping us out."" So, I agreed.    Then the game happened and...I couldn't guard, so the other team kept having the player I was guarding run past me to the hoop and score at will. My team lost handily. I went to the locker room, feeling totally embarrassed by how dumb I looked. Then, I hear a voice enter the room ""That guy was AWFUL!"" I look over and it's the guy that begged me to play. He sees me and says ""Hey good game, man.""   I hated this experience so much that I don't want to play basketball ever again. Shootaround tournament? Sure, those are fun. Not sure if they have leagues for that, though. But maybe I could join a baseball/softball/volleyball or some other sports kind of league.    So, I was wondering if anyone had experience in playing sports in a pay-to-play kind of league (as far as I've seen, everybody has to pay to play). I'm not well-versed in athletic endeavors, but I really think I need to increase my amount of daily exercise because right now I don't have any. So, in regards to sports leagues...   What were your experiences?    How competitive/talented were the other players?    Did they get really mad at the really untalented players/teammates?   Have you made friends by participating?  "	cc
"Just finished my suicide note Second one I've ever written. I pussied out last time and did some pretty serious self-harm instead, hopefully this time everything will work out and I'll actually jump (I live in a building with 16 stories) and go to sleep forever."	sw
"Sick and tired of having dry conversations with people my age. Willing to talk to anyone who wants :) I’m 15 so most of my conversations reside on Snapchat but I’m sick of them not going anywhere. I just want to have genuine conversations with different types of people and just see how they are going and what’s up in their lives at the moment. So a question for anyone, *if money was not a problem, and failure was not an option, what would you do?*"	cc
"Struggling You most likely saw my other post where i was on top of a building about to jump. Somehow i managed to be a coward and get down. Then i just sat in silence in my room. Someone could have just called 911 and before you know it i would be in a mental asylum.                I seriously dont know what to do anymore. Once i thought i had a friend but i lost him quickly too. Give some advice. I dont want the bs ""EVERYTHING IS GONNA GET BETTER OP""."	sw
"Hello everyone, at school on break and bored, how are you? Hello everyone! It’s 9:51 A.M. here in NY. I’m at my commuter college and feeling bored and kinda down. The semester is almost over, and I’m super happy about that, just a few more weeks. I can’t wait to go home and eat and nap and play Far Cry 5. What’s up with you lovelies?"	cc
"I guess in the back of my mind i always wanted to be a well known musician so people would actually care if I killed myself. And now it's blatantly obvious that it's not materializing without effort, it's possible it still might happen of course. Idk why I romanticized it so much, I just wanted someone to give a shit about me. I still have a handful of followers on my SoundCloud and late last night I had a weird thought about putting out a clear ""I'm going to kill myself"" message on there somehow. I decided against it mainly because I don't think a single person would actually care, let alone do anything. Anyway, I'm going to work. I wish anyone cared who could actually help me. All my friends are multiple states away, my family is a fucking Trainwreck which I need to escape as soon as possible, and I'm chronically fucking ill and nobody fucking cares. Down a bunch of drugs and get to the next thing seems to be the same of the game."	sw
"So long, and thanks for all the fish. Does it hurt to disappear?   Is it fast or is it slow?    Does it happen in a spectacular burst of light, harrowing and wild and frenzied?   Does it happen as calmly as an exhaled breath, hushed and simple and unremarkable?   Will it feel cold, like shards of ice are in your blood, around your lungs, behind your eyes?   Will it feel warm, like dappled sunlight on your bare feet, your shoulders, the nape of your neck?   I wonder.   I used to wonder only a handful of times a year. It turned into every month, then every week, then every day. Now, every hour.   How easy, how simple it's going to be to just stop, to just let go, to just give up.   To close my eyes and sink down, down, deep down,  where it’s dark and quiet and calm,  where I can stay forever,  where I can finally go to a place that I belong. "	sw
"I’m insanely bored with my life I know this sounds selfish... i know things could be worse.. i know i should be glad. I’m sick of my life being so boring, but i don’t even have the motivation to fix it. It’s like i’m paralyzed, i find it hard to do anything, get out of bed, even just do the things i enjoy. my grades have been rapidly going down. i feel uncomfortable. i feel annoyed by the things i have to do to live. my throat is sore and the air is heavy. i dread every single second that goes by even if i’m just in bed doing nothing. it feels like there is weight on my chest and my whole body aches. i’m too embarrassed to tell anyone. my mind is completely isolated from the words i speak, the sentences that i write, the pictures i draw... so i can’t even begin to describe how horrible this feels, how hopeless i feel, how everything i have ever done in my life will soon be worth nothing, all the effort i’ve put forth.. please someone guide me , i don’t know what to do anymore and i fear life is just too much... it’s a pain."	sw
"I'm feeling a lot like Pinocchio, and I want to cut my strings. It's like I'm being played with. I spend weeks trying to build myself back up after being left alone, and I get fucked over by one message. It's like it's a fucking game for someone to break me over and over and over and fucking over. I could've had tomorrow off work, and I would've maybe been able to process this. I work tomorrow, and I'm at a really big risk of ending it all. Honestly might just do it right now. It's not hard to die. I honestly never wanted to say these things again. It's like being punched in the gut. I've almost puked multiple times. I can't sleep at all, and I'm unable to enjoy what I was doing. The only way I can rationalize how much I'm being hurt is someone is playing with me. Maybe it's God, who the fuck knows. I'm just so tired. I might finally have to admit myself. Or hopefully I can finally kill myself. Probably going to steal a car and drive it off a cliff, that sounds fun compared to the other ways to die. If YOU are reading this, just stay away please. Stay away or never leave. If you don't I'm going to fucking shatter. I'm already so cracked and broken I don't know what'll happen. This might be goodbye everybody, hope ya'll figure out your problems."	sw
"I just can't do this. I've wanted a baby for years. But due to a medical condition, thought it was an impossible thing. At first it hurt to be around newborns and pregnant women. But I got over it. I accepted it. Then I found out I'm pregnant. 13 weeks when I found out, nearly 17 now. Because I didn't know I could get pregnant I wasn't managing my diabetes properly. And now there is more of a chance of my baby dying in utero that living and if it does live it's going to be messed up to the point that it'll have a short, painful, shitty life then die. It's too late in my state for an abortion. If we'd discovered the pregnancy sooner, some doctors advise women in my condition to consider termination. But it's too late. Sure, if they find something on the 20 week ultrasound that means the baby definitely won't survive I can get a medical exception to have the abortion legally but my state mandates it be done in a hospital, making it incredibly expensive and it's not covered by insurance unless waiting for my labor to naturally start would negatively impact my health. I can't go through that. I can't go to the labor and delivery section of a hospital with all those new moms giving birth around me and push out a corpse or a baby that will die. I'm seriously considering the next kindest thing possible for us both. I need a way to do it that won't cause my baby pain. "	sw
"Super lonely, in a bad mood, just don't want to be alone, and I have no one else. I've been sick sitting at home trying to keep myself busy, I'm going stir crazy with nothing to do. I'd love to have some conversation with some friendly people. Let's talk I have no one else to talk to. 23m"	cc
"I feel like I'm done, I don't know what to do. (US)  I don't know what to do.  I knew this day would come because I've done a pretty poor job of managing my life for the last 25 years (though people would never, ever know it).    Now everything, everything, is imploding.  It's totally my fault, but I couldn't handle myself at my ""best"" and god knows I'm at my worst now.  I can't fake that I'm OK anymore and I'm less OK than I ever have been.  The last 3 years have been a really un-fun waterslide to the bottom.  So now what?  What are my options here.  I have a job with health insurance but probably not for long.  I've fucked up, no one knows the extent yet - not catastrophic but pretty fucking bad.  And I know I'm not going in tomorrow as I haven't more and more over the last few months.  I'm having a real hard time leaving my house.  Even if I do manage that, the subway platform is far too tempting.  I have pets that I have no idea what to do with if I need to be somewhere for a while.  I have no friends or anyone who can take them.  So what do I do? "	sw
bye id post a story but who actually gives a fuck  see ya	sw
"I’m so Bored and Alone Away at college and everyone around me here seems to have tons of friends and I feel like I am the only one without anyone to go to or talk to about anything I am feeling. I got to dinner alone most nights at the dining hall and sit alone while everyone is chatting with friends and significant others. Seeing other groups of people and friends together just makes me even more angry that I don’t have the luxury of having a group of friends myself. I literally sit in my room all day on the weekends and do close to nothing besides go to my classes and get exemplary grades. I have tried dating apps, almost nobody ever swipes right on me and when they do I’m usually ghosted within the week. I’m not sure what to do and I feel extremely powerless and like there is ultimately not much to live for. I’m just a sad pathetic loser."	sw
"About to attempt suicide by jumping down the stairs. I can't take it anymore. It hurts so much that I just want the pain to go away (srry if I'm bad at english it's not my main language but i try my best) I cut and stab my arm alot. I literally almost cry when I see someone call punching themselves ""self-harm"" (Didn't mean to offend people who do) I just wanted to say bye, to all you people who are worth it. Please have fun. My time's meant to be up."	sw
"Stuff Starting to feel like nobody listens, or really cares for me. That I’m just an annoyance. That it would be better if I wasn’t around. Not like I’ll succeed in college anyhow (or even get accepted tbh...) "	sw
"LoL (A poem I wrote after I relapsed a few minutes ago) Ha!  First burst as I laugh at my stupidity  ""Girl, you know I don't think"" I say  Ha ha!  I grin  As I mock myself  For falling in love   In love with a man  Who doesn't even love me back  I must be bat shit ugly  For someone like him  To turn me down  ""Damn I'm a hopeless romantic"" I chuckle  Ha ha ha!   I cackle  At the fact that   No matter how long I starve myself  I'll never be thin enough  So I poke fun at my size  ""I'm the jolly green giant"" I say  All this hooting   All this hollering  And still  No one   Absolutely no one  Can hear my cries  Why  Because  I  Am too busy  Laughing out Loud"	sw
"I’m loving life right now, are you guys? Last year I had a terrible year, finally got over so drug related issues and managed to repair the extremely damaged relationship with my girlfriend. Lived on a minimal budget and managed to save over a grand in my final year at uni. Then went for a eye opening holiday in Taiwan. We did this thing that is meant to bring good luck for the following year, so we went round this temple in a certain direction and it’s honestly like everything has gone well since then. I passed my driving test after three weeks of lesson. I missed out on a job offer for not having a driving licence but then I received a better offer at an amazing firm. Honestly work has been going amazingly and my girlfriend and I have never been better. It just seems like finally after a long period of shit years and so much drama life has just sorted itself out in a matter of months. Just thought I would share because I feel so lucky and happy that all my effort is finally paying back dividends and making my life so much better. I still have debt and I still have a long way to go till I’m back on track however, my debts are being paid off rapidly. Over a grand in three months while meeting minimal payments on the rest. It’s just been a great year so far! How are you guys?"	cc
logic I'm going to die someday anyway Life is pointless Why not get it over with I don't have any desires. I don't have any dreams. I don't care. I do not enjoy life.	sw
"Can we talk about Lucifer and/or Satan a little? **No, not in an edgy ""I'm a satanist explain it to me"" kind of way**  I'm really interested about who they are, (or he, if it's the same person in some religions/stories).  So first of all, neither I or my family is religious. We don't really know the bible, or any other stories about religions or anything. I just thought that the name Lucifer actually doesn't sound that bad. So I asked my mom what she thinks about it, she said it'd be weird to call someone like that since it comes from a bad ""thing"".  But then I was interested, how bad is Lucifer actually according to stuffs? Since I don't know anything.  So that's why I'm making this thread, I read up a little bit about it, and it got me more and more interested.   How bad they actually are, who are they, how did they became who they are, what was the angels' rebellion, and what does other religions/places believes about them?   Hope this is a right sub for it, since this is not a  religious debate for example, and not an AskReddit kind of question either. "	cc
"maybe someone to talk to Hi,  I’ve written a note and I’ve started laying out the pills, I’m smoking cigarettes to keep busy and try and delay the inevitable. I’m 20, female, work full time in a good job. I lost a parent figure when I was young, and was gang raped in an alleyway when I was 13. I had to have an abortion. No one knew until I came out about it when I was 16. Then it made sense to my family the reason the way I was acting. I’ve built this personality of strength and being a Phoenix from the ashes of how far I’ve come. But when alone I cry and I don’t feel any emotion behind it. I don’t feel sad towards my past, I just cry. I don’t know what to do. I’ve tried before and failed, and feel embarrassed about my mental health. I don’t feel good enough. I love going to work and working hard as it takes my mind off of everything and I feel as though I have a purpose. I work myself so hard that I come home with a headache and fall asleep straight away. I go all day without eating/drinking as I forget. I feel like I’m in a loop. "	sw
"Pitiful, Suicidal, Rottened and part of Earth's unwanted. I'm an only child who was abandoned by her dad at a confusing age and thoroughly abused by her mother after the divorce. It wasn't until my first relationship did I feel loved. And then when we broke up after their infidelity, I shut off into a mute, pitiful and 'sleep, eat, sleep' life isolated from school, work, or life.  It seems everyone has family or friends that are always there to pull them off their feet. I know I can make my own family and friends but based on my experiences, people just want to use me or hurt me in some way.  It's pushed me into feeling worthless until the point where I reach for help. But then I have people who ask me to do things like let them own me or stream my suicide.  I feel sick. I feel disgusted. And I feel that I should just die."	sw
I give up I've had enough. tired of always having a shit storm going on in my life and my head. Since I can't get my hands on a gun I'll have to use rope.	sw
"I’ve started to take better care of my hair lately, and I can really feel the difference I used to always blow off really washing my hair in the shower, but I noticed that my hair was always greasy and full of dandruff and felt gross. I took it upon myself lately to wash it much better after feeling too grossed out by it, and wow. A lot of my dandruff has gone away and my hair physically feels much less greasier and cleaner!  Turns out proper hair care really makes all the difference!"	cc
I dont know how to continue Recently ive been getting paralyzed by anxiety to the point where I literally cannot function as an adult and it’s driving a wedge between me and my SO and I see no hope anywhere. 	sw
"Remember last year when /r/place was a cool little thing around april fools? Or before with /r/robin? Or the button? Are we not doing anything fun this time? I remember having a lot of fun in /r/place last year around april fools, as well as /r/robin or whatever the actual name of that chatroom was before, and I've been on long enough to remember the button around april fools. Those were fun, is there nothing like that now? I was kinda looking forward to it when I woke up!"	cc
"How to convince my friend to not kill himself??! My friend has made up his mind on killing himself despite the past two months of conversation we have had.He was showing some progress and was willing to meet/listen/get help but now is convinced that he wants to kill himself. No one else knows about this because he has confided in me alone. I cant approach any mutual friends , as if he finds out, he will stop contacting me too, and based on our last communication, he is certainly prepared to kill himself in next 24 hours His parents are not very understanding and I am scared that contacting them can lead to something worse as he is already on the edge I feel helpless What do i do?? (location, india)"	sw
I want to talk to someone I'm going through so much pain this year and I just want to talk to someone	sw
Everything I want to say but can't I'm a shitty person I have no friends Whenever I have a friend I fuck it up I'm a fuck.up  A shitty person They will never like me They will never forgive me I don't want to be here anymore I don't want have anywhere to go I have no one anywhere I have no one anymore I can't let myself be happy I can't be happy  I can't feel anything I'm a shitty person I don't have anyone I can have a conversation with I fucked up I'm always going to fuck up I will succumb to depression again I wish I had never treated people how I do That won't stop me I'm a shitty person I seek happiness but it's never there I need someone  I NEED HELP Would anybody care? HELP I can't get joy from life  I'm crippling myself I am the reason I'm depressed  I want to die. NO ONE WILL EVER LIKE ME AS MUCH AS THE PEOPLE I FUCK OVER THE MOST I want to get away but it won't change Anything I will still be a shitty person Even if I had someone to talk to I wouldn't have the ability to have a single fucking conversation I'd fuck it all up anyway It's for the best I don't talk Death won't solve shit Nothing will solve this The damage is done No one will forgive me I am afraid I need help I need help I need help I need help I need help I need help I need help I'm afraid of what I'll do to myself I'm afraid of what I'll do to others I do not want to hurt anyone but I do anyway I can't communicate how sorry I am I can't tell anyone anything I will continue to pretend to be happy I will put on another smile and crack another joke while I slowly die inside while moving from brief friendship to brief friendship leaving a path of destruction I AM NOT OK. But I can act the part   Help.	sw
"Can you go through life without having a serious ambition or great passion for something? I just want a financially sound life. Is that too unambitious? I don't have a serious ambition. I only just want to live a financially sound life. Not a millionaire, just not worry about paychecks and have financial security that I don't have currently. I don't have major goals except that. I do have a few hobbies but none I am super passionate about. Everywhere I see people saying how you can't live like that, without great ambition and passion but isn't that just okay? Thoughts?"	cc
"I want to overdose on thorazine I have probably a weeks worth of pills sitting on the counter that I've been watching.. lithium, thorazine, and cymbalta. I was wondering if anyone knows how much it would take and the consequences of surviving.. just wanna sleep and never wake up."	sw
"People: Red flag warnings What are some things that serve as red flag warnings when you meet people whose stories and behavior just seem off?  Have you met a 'charmer' who turned out to be a complete fraud?  Here are a few things that I've come across:  1. They're too eager to tell their story. 2. The stories are very dramatic (like something out of a movie), usually pitting them against the world. There is drama and injustice, which somehow will relate to their current predicament. 3. They take lots of selfies (or at least one of them did). 4. They think they can outsmart whatever system it is they wish to circumvent. 5. Their personal life is in tatters. 6. They're chronically short of money. What say you? What frauds have you met, and/or escaped?"	cc
"I will reply to your replies like I am a Pirate if you post in my thread Yarrrrrrrrrr!!!!!  If ye're not too busy Swasbucklin' and swabbin' the decks -so ter speak- and all the uther stuff ye landlubbers do in yer free time then I'd be glad to take ye' up on the offer of Casual Conversation!  Arr me one rule is to keep yer food discussions plant based, thank ye kindly me little dubloons. Er, and also no conversation about the British Imperial Armada. Those rotten pineapples stole me boat the other fortnight after I pillaged a mess o' their golden trinkets and by garrrr it's been a pain in me britches ever since!"	cc
"What’s the point of living if I have all these problems am going to list. • I am boring, it’s hard for me to talk to people, nothing comes to my head and I am not funny or interesting. • I barley have any friends and In school I spend my lunch time walking outside for an hour. • I am a weak low testosterone beta male who lost to a 15 year in arm wrestle, I am 18. • I weigh 68kg and have tits. • I get tired quickly and I am lazy, I’m a low energy person. • I have sleeping problems, It takes long for me to fall asleep and even if I have full sleep I still feel tired while my friend has 5 hours of sleep and that’s enough. • I could barley do my school work due to heavy procrastination. • Top of my hair feels thinner than my side meaning it’s thinning, what makes it worse is I was trying to grow long hair :( • Shit and poor family due to bankruptcy.  No point if I’m not going to be able to enjoy life.  Edit: My stomach started hurting after writing this, it hurts to be right."	sw
"I can’t do this anymore I can’t pretend like everything is ok. I can’t watch my life be ruined by my mom who says she “cares” about me but destroys my life at the same time. I don’t know when, but I’m ending it soon. The fact that I haven’t even had my 18th birthday is pathetic. I have so much potential, but it’s all gone now. My life is in ruins. Hopefully people will learn from my mistakes, and at least something good will come from my life. I don’t know what to do, but I can’t face the pain, shame, and suffering anymore."	sw
"i rlly need to share this with someone about the stuff my mom told me about my dad some simple information to begin with. my dad died 03/03/2010, in brazil (my birthplace), he was 44 when he died, i was 6 at the time.  since i was really young when that happend, i didnt remember much of it, bercause of it, my mom, being concerned about the trauma, decited to ""hide"" some stuff about my dad, of coude i dont blame her, if i was on her shoes i would've done the same...  so on to the story.  my dad, from my memories wasnt a great dad, he was acoholic and abusive towards my mom, sadly, she couldnt just leave my dad because at the time we were really depended on him. the only memory ive remember was one that my mom locked me and my borther in out room so that he wouldnt beat us... but the stuff gets worst. my mom didnt told me this until a few days ago, my dad... was a drug dealer, and owed a lot of money to a gang, who had given him money. they would hunt down my dad and my family, i remember countess times of strangers coming to our house and scaring us, of couse, i was a kid, so i thought it was only just bad guys trying to steal our stuff... but, they were trying to scare mt dad so that they could have the money back...  we moved alot, countess times.. i think it was because of the gang try to get to us, we went to a really small town, Piraquara, it was so small it didnt had any hospitals or sky scrappers...  and then, the day came...   it was night (around 8pm), my mom just brought a box full of vhs movies, i remeber bein so exited, i got a movie and ran to my room, i had a cube tv close to my door. i lived in sort of a farm on the rural zone of my city. so it was really easy to hear when a car passes by. my dad was comming from work, we had a gate so my dad pressed the button to open it, i was in the window of my house. since ive hear my dad coming i wanna see him. i was naive so i didnt know about anything... then, ive heard. BANG.... and then, a long, and unending horn from my dad's car.... i froze. i dint know what to do... my mom, acting fast, quickly turned off all the lights of the house and called 190 (te police phone number in brazil). i felt like the world had just stopped.... i had no idea what was going on... the only things ive remeber was getting out of my house after the police came, and going to the police car.....  just after years that i have now know exacly what happend to my dad. i thought he had died from a roberry, or a crazy guy who had shot him... but no, he got killed by one of the gang members, since he didnt pay for the money...  my mom, tried to give ur a false memory of him, saying that he was a hero... and, unintencionally, she caused me to have rlly bad depression... he was saying how much of a hero he was, while in my memories i just remerber him beating my mom and getting drunk.. i felt horrible about my self, ive felt like ive hateded a guy who didnt deserved this... she even manage to put a fake memory on my head, saying that we got into a home invasion and that my dad tried to save us.... ill give the link to that fake story at the end...   rn, after years of having thoes fake memories and wroung thoughts... i feel like i cant even trust my own thoughts,  what if everything my mom told me was a lie? what if she didnt rlly loved me?   after knowing the truth, im having rlly bad relationships with my mom, she doent trust me because i secretly buy razors and drink, and i dont trust her because he manage to brainwhash me, making me mold a fake hero, who i thought it was my dad....   im just rlly hopping i get to go to therapy soon... i rlly need to talk about this to seomeone, and i dont trust anyone in my family to tell the.,,, thats why im doing it here...  im sorry if its rlly long, and i sorry didnt itsnt exacly suicide related, i just rlly needed a place where random people with similar problems can understand me.....  link to the fake story my mom told me (just letting you know, she told me on a fucking familly group thereapy, she fucking lied to my face and the therapist... i dont think ill manage to forgive her for that...) https://www.reddit.com/r/nsfl/comments/7kf0l7/how_my_dad_got_killed/  i still have mixed fellings for my mom and dad, we lived in a rlly poor and dangerous place, being scared was our day-to-day life, so i know that my mom did all of that too keep us safe... and i rlly hate myself for not forgiving her... tho i dont express it how frustaded i am (because she is a good mother), i rlly wish that none of that wouldve happend..."	sw
"It's not a temporary feeling It’s a temporary feeling, they’d say, it gets better they will assure, but they will never know how permanent it is, how ever-present, how all consuming it can be. It is the moment of respite that is temporary. Life cannot be lived trying to grab on to fleeting moments of respite. "	sw
"Tiniest notions Sooo my life has been turned completly upside down lately because of choices I made, i keep fucking up at every turn I don't know what to do anymore and all I want is for it to stop I'm tired of struggling and fighting "	sw
Not able to de-stress after a big exam. Does this ever happen to anybody? I just finished taking one of my biggest exams this semester and yet I still don't feel relieved? It's been a couple hours and I'm still jittery. 	cc
"Family/Me ruined life, nowhere to turn Sorry for this giant wall of text. I've had a terrible relationship with my family my entire life. Since I was 5 years old I was mentally and physically abused by my older brother and my stubborn father would do nothing but encourage this by getting into verbal battles with both of us because he ruined his own life. I never had anywhere to go or anythimg to do to escape this and because of that and a genetic predisposition to it I developed all sorts of mental issues like depression, severe social and general anxiety, and was recently diagnosed with ADHD. I've always been very intelligent but unable to do anything with it or focus on homework or anything really. I pretty much used books and videogames as an escape mechanism as a kid and as I grew older music and weed took their place for the most part. I graduated from high school with around a 3.0 gpa from almost all honors and ap classes and a 30 on my ACT without ever doing homework or studying in high school. I then went to college for a semester where my depression and anxiety took over and I couldn't function in my new environment and didn't have any money for textbooks or anything and after 2 weeks I slept through my science labs and automatically failed 2 classes. I began to do nothing but sit in my room and play videogames and the only time I left was to eat and I was too anxious and dumb to seek help from a counselor at school and had nobody else to turn to. My parents had moved into a tiny 2 bedroom apartment after I graduated and I had to move back in there with them. My older brother also messed up at school and I had to share a tiny room where I had to deal with him continuing to verbally abuse me and break my things every single day. The first couple months I was back I was super depressed and had literally nowhere to go and had to share a car that was always on the brink of breaking down and constantly needing repairs with my brother. After a month or so I started working full time and a bit later moved into working full time. At this point my physical health and mental health were awful and I decided I needed to take care of those things before I did anything else. I continued to work and started going to the gym and went to the doctor for mental issues for the first time at that point. I was given a myriad of different SSRI's and they all did nothing to help but I continued to try them because I wanted to give them a chance to work. I worked and wasted almost all the money I earned on things like my cell phone bill, car insurance and repairs, weed, fast food my gym membership, videogames and paying off my 10,000 dollars in student loans. It took me about a year and a half and I had paid them off. My brother went back to school a few months before then so I didn't have to deal with him at least. Nothing I ever did was good enough for my family and my father constantly got into verbal battles with me because if I wasn't working 60 hours a week I wasn't working hard enough. Obviously this had been going on my entire life and he didn't understand he just made it worse and any time I objected he would just threaten to take my things or other dumb things. I was in constant brain fog and I couldn't function. After about 2 years of dropping out of college I decided I needed to get away from this and moved into an apartment with a couple friends. I was barely able to keep up with all my bills working basically minumum wage and went even financially every month sometimes having to draw credit card debt.   I lived there for a year and although I never had any money I was happier than I'd ever been with my family and did my best to tackle my mental health issues and went to therapy a couple of times a month and tried some different medications. I also thought about what I wanted to accomplish in life before I died and tried acid 3 times with my friends which helped me discover that music is my true passion and I started making music and got a guitar. In about april of last year I needed a new car and took out a loan for 3000 dollars for one. I didn't have the money to make payments on it however. I moved back in with my parents in September 2017 and my struggles dealing with them continued. I wanted to just live here for a bit so I could save up money and go back to school. Since then I've been working odd jobs until I get bored of one and move on as I cannot stand retail jobs.   "	sw
"I called in sick at work today. Here's the best part: I'm not sick. Let's chat about your days off! For the record: I get 5 number of days off per year; this is my first; I have done all work I needed to do this week; I am causing zero disruption to my teammates.   So, how do you all enjoy your unexpected days off? It's morning here where I work, so I'm thinking a walk in the park, a nice lunch near where I live, few easy chores and a very chilled out afternoon. I'm looking forward to it!  So how would you spend a random day off like this? "	cc
"I was once a star shining bright I'm usually the one who comments on posts here, offering support. Tonight, I'm the one in need of support. I grew up in an abusive home. I was raped when I was 9. I was beaten and threatened every day of my life from age 6 to 18. I was a household slave, not worth respect, love or affection in my family's eyes. I'm now 21 years old, have tried to kill myself 13 times between age 10-16 but failed every time either due to being interrupted, prevented or the method failing. I self harmed from age 9 to 17. I've been clean for almost 4 years now, only small morbid thoughts about doing it again popping up. But lately, I find myself longing for peace from all of the voices inside my head. My usual outlets no longer help. I feel lonely and unappreciated; worthless. And I guess it all just kind of hit me at once, tearing me down earlier today. I've been trying to pull myself together since, but to no avail.. So now I am turning to *anyone* out there to help me. I'm not suicidal right now. But I don't want to feel like I do, and give in."	sw
"What does someone have to do in order to have full control of their death ceremony? How does one legally establish parameters for their own death? What branch of service do I need to contact in order to specify the process?  Like, can someone say exactly what they want to happen? such as, ""I do not want a funeral"" or, ""Do not allow such-and-such at my service.""  I'm ready to be suggested to another subreddit. First try here."	sw
"I'm feeling a bit bad due to my major Hey friends, I've been feeling a little sad lately, and I'll try to explain why in as little writing as possible.  tl;dr- I feel bad my major doesn't help people.  I'm an upcoming sophomore in college and was planning on majoring in chemistry, though now I'm leaning toward applied mathematics. My college is right next to a pretty big hospital and nursing school, so I'll always here and see ambulances and nurses around.  I feel like every time I see one, I start doubting my career path. I feel bad because those people are saving lives and working in often tough and brutal situations while I'm sitting down rearranging numbers on a piece of paper.  It's not about the money, I just feel like I could be helping people. I feel like a bad person for not choosing a more philanthropic career path, like I'm responsible for the people I will now not be helping.  Have any of you felt this? I really hope I'm not alone. I'm sorry if this is a bit too serious, I'm just looking for a bit of guidance. Thank you so much for reading."	cc
I’m finally decided on when I’m going to kill myself I’ve been thinking about it and planning it in different ways for years but I’ve finally come up with a way I can’t chicken out of. My 18th birthday is in November so I’m just going to wait until then and then buy a shotgun and shoot myself in the head. I feel awful about how I’ll affect my family but I’m just so fucking done living like this. 	sw
"Is it better to live shitty, or is it better to not live at all "	sw
"Preparation How much should I prepare before I go?  Is it possible to get all my obligations tied off in such a way that I can go with minimal inconvenience to those around me?  That process will take a long time.  It could be months, and it could be years.  I don’t know that I can wait that long.  But, I don’t know that the people around me will understand.  "	sw
"Why I can't break up with my depressed girlfriend? Hello,  I have been with my girlfriend for almost 2 years now. The whole relationship I have felt I want to break up with her, but I haven't been able to. There is a lot of reasons why, I can tell you some.  Before we started our relationship, I wanted to just have sex with her, we were like friends with benefits. Then she started to want to have relationship with me, but I didn't want because I just got out of a relationship and wanted to be alone. One day she cut herself and was suicidal, and told me that she doesn't have reason to live. I thought I can save her from this, and I told her that we can start an relationship. I did not want a relationship, but I went in because I wanted her to be happy.  Then couple months passed, things were pretty great for first couple months, we had a lot of fun. Then we got some of our first arguments and she cut herself again, she said because she felt shes worst girlfriend in the world, because shes so needy and ugly etc.  Then the relationship became pretty manipulative, she once hit me drunk because I did not want to have sex with her. She is of course very sorry about her behaviour, and even cutted herself again, because she felt so bad person after doing that.  I think we are codependant with each other. I feel depressed and no-motivation when not being with her, though shes abusive sometimes. When I am with her and she has everything allright, I feel so good. Like if shes happy I feel happy. I feel like its my lifes job to keep her from negative thoughts. Also I don't know is it weird, we talk to each other like people talk to dogs and babies, in cute voice. I feel like shes my baby. I allways want to hold her thight and hug her when I hang out with her.  Good traits is that she is very caring, and pays for everything for me. She even bought Playstation 4 for me to her place, so I would spend more time at her place... And when we still had sex she did every my fantasy I could think of. She is my almost only friend too, we do everything together, go play soccer and ice-skating, swimming etc. And those days I really feel good. She also cared for me 2 days when I was sick, came to my place and took couple days off work because she felt like I was the most important thing. Though then she got sick couple months later and have been accusing me that I did not do the same thing. I feel like shes dream girlfriend, but not for me, now, with her abusive behaviour...  I once called cops when she was in apathethic suicidal very scary state. I got her in therapy for some time doing that and she took SSRI drug, because I told her that I will leave her if she does not try to get better. She stopped using those couple months back. She has borderline diagnosis.  I know I am in abusive relationship, or atleast have been, I think she has been not-abusive for couple of months now... She still tells me a lot that shes not getting enough sex, not enough attention and stuff. And that is true, I rarely see her couple times a week anymore. I make excuses why I can't see her because I have become anxious of faking my feelings, and I know I am about to explode soon.  I haven't given her single clue about that I am thinking about to leaving her. I live in constant fake feelings 24/7 with her. I think about breaking up with her like 20 times a day. I think about other girls. I think about going on vacations with my buddies, without her bringing me down. But theres a lot of reason why I am not able to do it. And I really think that I can't.  **One reason** I have delayed this, is that I allways think this is not the proper time to do it. I was graduating from school, I can't put up with the stress and depression now and fail everything. I was in my first job, I can't put up with the stress. She moved to new house I can't put up with the stress now on her. I got new job I can't put up with the stress now. She got a job I can't put the stress now on her. My step-father was diagnosed with cancer, I can't put up with the stress now.  Also, I am diagnosed with OCD, bad obsessive thoughts (harm-ocd, schiz-ocd, you name it) depression, anxiety disorder and depersonalization, which was so bad at one time I was becoming suicidal too. When I got with her, I forgot about all my OCDs, she assured me that I am okay and that I won't kill anybody (my obsessive OCD thoughts) that I could'nt hurt a butterfly. (read about harm-ocd if you don't know, I thought I was going to kill my whole family, still get it sometimes...), and that I allways helped me to assure that I am totally sane, that I am not going schizophrenic. (read about schiz-ocd if you dont know) She was allways there for me when my depersonalization became worse, holded me in her arms. She is allways there for me. Now when I leave her, I am going to lose human being who I was able to tell all my darkest things. I am going to get panic attacks, and there is no one who is to calm me down. I am going to get my schiz-OCD, think I am going insane and no one is there tell me that I am okay, calm me down and totally sane, its just my OCD talking.  **One reason** is that she is also depressed and suicidal sometimes, and I am her only one too who she can tell everything, I am there to calm her down. She has threatened to kill herself once if I leave her, that she can't do it on her own, and told it in very scary calming voice too, like she could really do it... If she really would kill herself because of the break up, I would have to live that for rest of my life, with my own mental issues too. Its too much.  Though it is so hard, I have decided to try to break up with her one month from now, once for all. This is where I would like some advice, how to make it better for me and her surviving it.  **One of the biggest problem** here is my feelings of guiltiness and pity. I feel guilty and bad conscience 24/7. I always feel like it, I know that I am not responsible of her happiness, but I feel like I am horrible person not to make so lovely person happy. I would feel so guilty to leave her, she has told me that she can’t live without me and that I make her life complete, and that I am the one for her. I feel so much pity towards her, her parents and her friends do not care about her, they’ve all ditched her, she is one of the greatest persons I know and cares so much, if I could wish one thing from a magic lamp it would be her to be happy and get over her mental issues and be happy without me. How I can shake this feeling of guiltiness, its eating me alive to feel so guilty and depressed all the time about this.  I have had seen so many emotional breakdowns from her, I know how it is going to probably go. Here’s example of her borderline seizure/panic attack whatever. She gets upset about something I say or do. It is like being in a haunted house first she become apathetic and will not answer to anything I say, then she will start shaking in bed and breathing very fast, ask me for to leave and let her go (probably meaning me to leave so she can cut herself) I try to calm her down by holding her and then she will punch me away from her, then she will start crying and shaking together, then her breath comes normal and she goes back to the apathetic mode, and is all blank, wants to kill herself, she will begin talking and blames me for her feelings of depression, until it goes to the part I am starting to leave, because I can’t take it no more, when I step out of the door she will start to realize what she has done and apologizes and is crying and begging me to stay with her, and then rest of the night she will try everything to make it out for me for blaming me. I am myself little manipulative because the part I am leaving in that episode, I am just doing it to get her to apologize to me and treat me better, I could not really leave there since I don’t want her to hurt herself. And I can easily always forgive her blaming on me, because I think it is because of her borderline, and she has no control over it and she is always very sorry and caring after those things. We have had fights and every time I have wanted to leave from her and go home she would physically grab me and not let go, tell me that she will kill herself if I will go. So I feel like it is not physically possible to leave her. But I can’t even get to that part because I am so emotionally unstable and codependent on her too that I will burst in to tears and beg her to stay with me, I will feel like it was the worst mistake of my life for couple of days, then I will again feel like I want to break up.   **I really need help how to break up with her. In this part is where in need the advice.** I have decided to really now do it, I took one week away from work like 20 days from now, and keep all of this inside me until then, so I can focus on it and recovering. First, I was thinking I maybe should write her letter why I want to break up with her, and go to her place and hand it to her. Then she will have emotional breakdown and become suicidal. I know it. Can I just leave her and drive away then, or do I have to comfort her? If I leave her she will really physically grab me and not let me go, I have been there before, with her. If I just force myself out of there, is it wrong thing to do? And then if shes really suicidal, should I tell it to her friend and sister? Her parents hate her, they are alcoholics. Maybe I should call the cops to check on her? What if she does not let me go, and is all out of control, how I can leave her alone?  I don't really know anymore what is wrong and what is right, this relationship and manipulation is making me go nuts. Am I doing the wrong thing, causing someone to suicide? I am really going insane about this, you probably can see it from my writing. The worst thing is no one has clue about this, and thinks we are perfect couple. I have been therapist about this, and he said that I should stay with her. Never gone again. Tomorrow I will probably see her and she will be perfect and I don't want to break up with her anymore. I am so mindfucked, please give me some advice. I dont want anymore to do things I dont want. I do things that make her feel good I feel bad. Help."	sw
"Is it me, or is Reddit full of rather negative people? :| I know there's fair and positive people and subreddits like this, but it seems as though a lot of the Reddit population is completely miserably and intensely pessimistic.   I'm not saying that you should ignore real problems and all that, but it seems as though finding anything positive is just a sign of pure stupidity and ignorance. I *actually* ran into a comment one day that said ""Hope for the best, expect the worse"". Some replies even encouraged this mindset.   What's funny is that I actually took a month-long break from Reddit just to move away from this for awhile. Coming back, I actually thought people took a chill pill since I've left. It seems as though everyone's going back. Even r/jokes and r/showerthoughts have popular posts revolving around this kind of mindset. Guess I was wrong about my hopes. Maybe that one comment I mentioned *was* right about this. :(  Please correct me if I'm wrong on this observation. "	cc
"Too many too often... I’ve been having dreams and thoughts a lot recently of being dead. Overdose, driving my car off the bridge, putting myself into situations where I could die and it’s really scaring me. I haven’t been this bad in a few months and this is the worst it’s been since my last institutionalization. I don’t know where to turn to get help because I can’t afford it or insurance. I don’t want to talk to anyone because I feel like I’m bugging them and I don’t want to talk to my gf/ex/Idek what we are because she’s part of the problem. I’m just so tired of being an addict. I’m so tired of being strong. I’m so tired of faking that I’m not suicidal. I’m just so tired of life. I want help and to be better. I just don’t know where to turn. I’m not going to kill myself but I really do wish I could be at ease. This is seeming like the best option. "	sw
"The grey area Does anyone else think that they’re indifferent to both life and death, like neither sounds the slightest bit appealing?  "	sw
"everything is building up and I see only one outcome Pretty much just done with everything. My house is a mess because the cats have shit all over the floor and I have no motivation to clean it. I can't use the kitchen because the dishes have piled up. I can't even navigate my bedroom because of all of the trash and clutter. And I can't bring myself to fix a goddamned thing .  I love my boyfriend, but he's just as depressed as - if not more than - me. Between the two of us we have $6. And that's it. He just got moved from full time to part time, also, so our income is about to drop even lower. I work 12 hour shifts and still can't keep up.   I'm 20, have 3 felonies, no college education, and an assload of mental diagnoses. I just want to die because my life is literally shit. I don't go a day without thinking of the shit I've dealt with.  I was molested as a kid, raped as a teenager, and was a felon by 19. People keep telling me how strong I am and how much courage I have. I'm only alive out of guilt. How much it would hurt my family, who I've already successfully destroyed, btw. My boyfriend has already told me he couldn't handle it if he came home to find I'd killed myself. But that's what I want. I tried when I was 16...took pills and drove into incoming traffic. I wouldn't do that again, I don't want anyone else to get hurt. I just want it to be over. I don't want any more bills. I don't want my debt. I don't want this dumpy ass house and sub-par existence.  I want a hole in my head.   It's occurred to me that I would benefit from a lobotomy. And that's about when I realized how bad this all is. My insurance doesn't cover counselling, though. Well, it does, but only 3 visits ""per incident"". And I can't afford past that. So fuck me, right? So that's where I'm at. I'm ready to go. But feel trapped here. Fucking kill me."	sw
"How do I help my suicidal friend living across the country, and what are you supposed to say except for those ""just keep holding on"" & ""it will get better soon""s you've already heard a million times? I have no idea if this even fits here but I'll give it a try. I am trying to help and support my friend (who lives on the opposite side of my country) who cuts herself and has suicidal thoughts, but I just don't know what to say.  I feel like those ""it will get better""s and ""just hold on""s won't quite make it, they're just meaningless since the person obviously just can't/don't want to ""keep holding on"".  TL;DR What DOES matter when trying to help a suicidal person (who you can't help by physically preventing cutting/similar since they live far away)?  Edit: Me and a couple others did help her to get involved with a psychologist, so that helped her a lot, but her appointments are just once per month and in between those I can tell she gets ""very low lows"" if you get what I mean."	sw
"I just bought a 2018 Dell XPS 13 (9370). I got it because of the portability and processor. And I'm moving into software engineering for university, and it was a huge upgrade from my other laptop.  But man this thing cost me an arm and leg. $1399 + tax + extended warranty (accidents happen). Ran me about $1600. :<"	cc
"My nearing end The suicidal thoughts and depression started around 6 years ago when I was in highschool. Childhood consisted of moving house alot. Overall it was good, and I don’t remember ever wanting to die as a child. I dropped out of highschool and went to college, college didn’t work out it lasted a few years til I dropped out again. Now I have zero qualifications. I feel useless for society sitting at home doing absolutely nothing. Parents are divorced. I’ve never had a good healthy relationship with either of my parents. They constantly show they’re not interested in understanding my depression and I’m always arguing with them. My mental health has never been important to them. I have alot of emotional pain from the bad relationship I’ve had with my parents. I don’t feel I belong in my family because I always put emotions first, and nobody in my family does that. I feel completely out of place and lonely.   I’ve been to counselling on and off for many years and I’ve tried medication. I’m currently talking to my psychologist once a week and I constantly lie to her about the suicidal thinking because I don’t want anyone to interfere when I do it. I say I don’t think about killing myself when all I think about is killing myself. I want it to be permanent. I’ve cut all ties with all of my friends. It broke my heart to have to distance myself from friends who have been there for me and listened when I needed a kind ear.   I have no hobbies/purpose. Depression is driving me insane and draining me of energy, and I’m afraid of what it might do to me if I keep living. I can’t sleep. I feel nauseous all the time. Head hurts. I don’t have any motivation to live anymore. As long as I’m alive, I give my mind the chance to mentally destroy me. I won’t have to feel a thing when I’m gone. If I stayed alive for other people even though I want to just end it, what could I possibly do for them in my state of mind? I can barely take care of myself, how am I supposed to be of use to anyone? I’m never going to find a partner to start a family with if I keep distancing myself away from everyone. It’s futile to keep existing. I’m going to die anyway so if I can at least control when, then I will.   Whoever read what I typed, thank you and I appreciate that you read it. "	sw
"I just submitted my application to grad school! I'm a teacher, so I have to go to grad school. The program I just applied to is summers only. It's perfect for me and I'm ready to go back to learn. I really hope I get in!  What exciting/nerve-wracking things have happened to you this week?"	cc
going to mental hospital i seem like i have no problems but i do that's why I'm here i`m getting help today 	sw
"Why did Dave Grohl never get as known as Kurt Cobain? So I have been listening to Foo Fighters and realized how amazing Dave Grohl is, he plays drums, writes music, sings, and plays guitar, thats really cool, but no one really knows him. You mention Kurt Cobains name and people know who he is.."	cc
"i just want to fucking die already ive slept for 28 hours and the 9 hours i was awake today were spent crying. same as the last time i was awake  im fucking tired. everyone in my family hates me, calls me useles,s a bitch, a leech, worthless, too old to be here, etc  my therapist cancelled on me for th nth time. its way past the point that hes cancelled more times thne ive actually seen him. i cant get a new therapist. im broke. cant hold down a job. plagued by my mental illnesses .  i spent hte last month calling every day for a spot in he shelter and evven whne im this desperate to leave the universe tells me no.   my dad tells me to go live under a bridge allthe time. to fuck off and whore myself out for a living  i already know ok. i know im a worthless leech. ive been fucking. trying to kill myself since i was 13. im an adult and im still a fcking burden on everyone and have no friends  i have LITERALLY no reason to live. if anything i have reason to die so i stop burning a hole in my parents wallet   i want to kill myself i cant take it anymore   i just got told to shut up bc im crying too loud so im taking some sleeping pills to peace off for another day. all i do is annoy people"	sw
"Masters in New Zealand Hello,  I was thinking to pursue my masters in IT sector from New Zealand. I have heard that job opportunities for masters students are less as students with bachelor's degree are preferred more. Getting a job is tough.   Wanted to know if its true and how is the job opportunity in New Zealand for IT sector. I will be pursuing my Masters from University of Waikato.   Thanks   "	cc
"How can I change my friends mind about suicidal people? My friend believes that people who commit suicide only do it for attention, how can I change his mind? This doesn’t make much sense to me since if you’re dead how are you going to enjoy the attention killing ones self attracts but you know I’m sure you awesome people can help me."	sw
"Do you know anyone wealthy? Maybe a childhood friend, a family member or even yourself? Anything that stands out and makes their wealth obvious or is it low key and you wouldn't know by looking at them etc.  I don't know anyone or anything about the different lifestyles, and while we may think it's all sunshine and rainbows I'm sure there are things people often overlook just because people have money. "	cc
What to do I was snooping in my brothers room which I know I wasn’t supposed to be doing.  Then I came across multiple pages of how he doesn’t want to deal with life anymore and how no one likes him or how popular people get praised for doing dumbass shit.  There is 2 pages of this stuff and he wrote it this morning with the date of 4/10/18.  What do I do.  Me and my brother are not close at all we haven’t had a conversation in about 3 years and we live in the same house.	sw
"The greatest illusion of life: hope I’m sorry. I’m so sorry I’m the way I am. You don’t know how much you mean to me and I know it’s pathetic. You keep me sane, wanted, heard, but above all you listened to me.   For my whole life I’ve kept everything inside me because I had no one to express to. But for some reason I trusted you and confessed my entire life to you. All the shit moments, all the times I’ve broken down and cried. You listened to all of them. You listened when no one would.  You don’t know how much you mean to me.  You said you’re as fucked in the head as I am.  When we were still talking we built ourselves up. Not by saying everything is going to be okay but just by listening. Listening as word after word come out, years worth of pain and hopelessness. I was feeling hopeful, maybe something more. You listened when no one would, but you don’t know how much you mean to me.  Now you hate me. Ignoring me. Because I’m more fucked in the head than you are I guess. I always believed I would know when I’m losing my mind, when I’m going insane, so that maybe I can stop myself from doing dumb shit. But I realized staying insane is comforting, losing my mind is relieving. Losing you is losing myself also. I don’t know what to do anymore. I have no one to tell how shit my day went and try to make each other forget about it. You don’t know how much you mean to me.  The one thing I ask for you is to remember me at least. The little time we had together. At least I was apart of your life. That’s all that matters. Give coco my regards.  I’m sorry I wasn’t strong enough. I’m losing my mind and myself. I just wanted someone to listen then being the one to listen to others. Someone please save me. I just need hope again."	sw
"I've managed to screw up just about everything in the last month. I can't believe how much I've managed to ruin everything. I've started falling behind in classes, and haven't been able to do any assignments, thanks to extreme depression and laziness. I don't have any more mental energy to do my remaining coursework, which consists of 5 projects and 4 exams. My anxiety also prevented me from calling back for a job. My BPD makes friendships difficult and nobody really likes me anyway. Damn it, I've managed to completely ruin any good thing I still had. I have no hope for my future. If only I wasn't too lazy to end my life. It feels like the only way to be truly happy, and not ruin anything."	sw
Please help this person please. u/umbralapocrypha	sw
"What did you do today and what are you planning to do tomorrow? (If it's morning where you are, switch that to what did you do yesterday and what are you planning to do tomorrow.)  It's 4:30 AM here and I've barely slept because I was reading creepy stories. I've pretty much accepted that, so now I'm just going to wait it out. Yesterday I was writing an essay on the history of slavery in New Orleans. (It's actually a really interesting topic- slavery was very different there than in other parts of the USA.) But you probably don't want to hear about that. I'm just bored and want to hear random stories about people's lives."	cc
"I'm not getting anywhere Diagnoses: major depressive, panic disorder, generalized social phobia, and ADHD. I've been suicidal for about 10 years. I'm on all my meds and it's been 5-6 months on them. I've been depressed (the kind of depressed prior to meds) for about a month and feel like I haven't made any recovery. I can't provide for myself and tired of living like this."	sw
"I'm too lazy for life. I'm 20, still live with my parents, don't work, and don't attend university. I was recently given an ultimatum of either get a job or leave. If my options are either be miserable for the rest of my life making minimum wage just to barely afford to stay alive or to be homeless and slowly starve to death, wouldn't quickly kill myself be the best option? I think this is just natural selection right? I fail to adapt so I die. Honestly I have no idea why I'm writing this, if the choices are: starvation, making 7.25/hour, or a quick death, a quick death seems like the only appealing option. Am I missing something? "	sw
No friends I've learned over the last couple of days that my only friend doesn't give a single fuck whether I live or die.	sw
"I feel broken I can’t get away from negative thoughts of myself, embarrassed from past actions or interactions. They come flooding in when I ask myself why I’m struggling alone despite every effort to be a part of the lives of others.   Saw the post on the front page  today about friends, something to the effect of not finding any if you’re looking for them, but if you’re just concerned with being one then you’ll find many. The thing is my life is pretty much me setting myself on fire to keep others warm.  But nobody is inviting me out. Nobody has conversations where they mention something because they “thought of me.” I’m good for helping everyone else get what they want and need but I’m practically invisible in every other aspect of my life.  I feel this anger and sadness constantly. Medicine doesn’t squelch the feeling that I’m broken or better off dead. I know it would hurt a few people but I am just so tired of feeling alone and unimportant."	sw
"Feeling suicidal For many many years, I've had this feeling of emptiness, being in my room all days, months and years since i was 13. I'm 18 now.  Thing is, living in Norway is hard... I can't find any work, have nothing to fill my days with... What the hell should I do? It's right before i kill myself... I'm about to turn crazy, having derealization/depersonalization.  Why even bother living? I don't want to bring my ass to high school each day, and i was also rejected into the military; my goal in life."	sw
What are you looking forward to in the next month? I live on the east coast of the US (Washington DC) but I'm flying to Los Angeles next week (the western / Pacific coast) and driving up the [Pacific Coast Highway (PCH)](https://www.google.com/search?tbm=isch&source=hp&biw=1440&bih=776&ei=xO_HWp3vA6yatgXCx7K4DQ&btnG=Search&q=pch+california&oq=mentorship&gs_l=img.3..0l10.14.970.0.1284.10.8.0.1.1.0.128.726.5j3.8.0....0...1ac.1.64.img..1.9.727....0.T_tKYizlW4o) with my girlfriend.   Really looking forward to that.	cc
"How's life these days? Tell us what's happening. For me, I've just finished up from the Easter holidays from school. I plan on doing very little, applying for jobs, studying and hanging out with my mates. Life is fine, finish high school forever soon and exams are in a month's time. I'm having a good time knowing people before we go so that im not just forgotten in years to come, and maybe even build upon those relationships.  What's been going down with yous?"	cc
"My grandma turned 97 yesterday! NINETY-freakin-SEVEN!! I’m just so amazed but not at all surprised. She is one tough broad, who would blush at me saying that. Actually now, with the Alzheimer’s, she might just say back “Darn right!” She’s gotten sassy these last years. I had flowers sent and the picture of her with them that my cousin sent just made my heart swell. She is my last living grandparent, two of whom I never met.  I grew up in the same house she raised her 8 children in. While my parents were working full time and going to college/grad schools in the evenings, she took care of me. I spent summer days helping sort through donations at the church thrift store that she managed. I visited her at the town lingerie store when she worked there. I kept out of the way when she hosted Reading Group, her weekly book club with all her old lady friends who took turns hosting. Pepperidge Farm cookies, coffee and tiny glasses of wine. Book talk that segued into town gossip. I loved the scent of perfume that lingered after they’d all left, and the lipstick prints left on the glasses. I also loved the leftover cookies.   I’ve been bracing myself for her passing, most seriously when she was hospitalized for the flu and pneumonia this winter. But those memories I have, and all I learned by watching her, won’t leave me, I just won’t let it.   97, way to go Nanny.   Anyway, thanks for reading ☺️ Good health and happiness to your grandparents, and if you’ve lost them I hope your memories and lessons never leave you. "	cc
"I'm 21, at the tail end of my 3rd year of college, and just switched majors this spring semester. As such, most of my classmates are 18-19 year old freshman. Which I don't have any issue with. My major change was a great decision and I'm really happy.   That being said, I've always felt young. Even though I'm 21, I don't *feel* 21. I still don't think I look like an adult. It's annoying. I think most of it is due to my height, being only 5'10. Anyway, I've gotten better at being okay with this feeling since I've hit the gym, noticed a good amount of gains, and my beard seems to get fuller and thicker every time I trim it.   But today, one of my project groups discovered I was 21. They were surprised, and rightfully so, assuming most of their classmates are 18-19 year old freshman. All of that was fine until one girl said, ""You don't look 21, no offense"" with a smile and relatively harmless giggle. But I still felt it.   Granted, it didn't sting as much as I expected it to, but I think I'm gonna remember it for awhile. If only because it's an example that shows that, maybe I do look younger than I want to look. And I've yet to have an experience that indicates I look mature, or something of that sort.   Kind of just here to vent. This happened a couple hours ago and I just keep thinking about it. Damn near texted my mom because I just NEEDED to tell someone about this. Anyway, thanks for reading! Don't mean for this post to be sad or anything, just, casually talking. :) "	cc
"I have anxiety online, but not in my daily life. As a result I have a very hard time networking on social media and business sites, which is unfortunately a big part of my career.  In my everyday life I'm incredibly outgoing and able to initiate conversation face to face with anyone, but when it comes to the internet, I'm lost.   It even took a lot to post this. Usually I write something up, second guess myself, and erase it all.  Anyone else deal with this?"	cc
"Nothing much to live for it seems So my wife (only of four years) cheated on me two days before Valentine’s Day 2018. At first I really wanted to just separate, but her attempts to reconcile made me want to stick it out. Well soon after she is suddenly not fighting for me, and is dating the s.o.b. We all three went to high school together, but it’s not like we were good friends or anything. Small town everyone knows everyone ya know? So the guy is married and has two kids, and she and I have one 2 year old son. She goes out every weekend with the guy to spend the night at a hotel. She doesn’t work and hasn’t worked in years, and I pay all the bills. I wasn’t the best in the relationship, but I wasn’t bad by any means. I never cheated or anything I just wasn’t as romantic as I needed to be. There are reasons for that, but let’s move on. So it’s been close to three months now or so and they have been fighting ALOT lately. She’s starting to see that the guy isn’t as perfect as she thought. Every time they fight and she sees him she acts and says stuff like she thinks they are going to break up. Well every time she comes home the next day it’s the same shit. They are still fighting, and she feels like she needs to dump him, but it never happens. I feel like I’ve put myself in such a low dark place y’all. How lame am I to sit here and wait on the sidelines to scoop her up once they split up. I feel so second choice, like garbage even a cat wouldn’t go through. I don’t have absolutely any friends and haven’t in years. My family and I aren’t close by any means. I’m outside right now and I feel like it’s getting to be the time for me to go ahead and end my life. I feel like it would be a good thing to do it while she is away so I’m not bothered. There’s just so much I want to say but my brain hurts from everything I don’t even know how to express what I’m feeling. I would do anything for this woman, and I’m just so lost. I don’t understand. I don’t have Facebook, or any other social media, so this will be my possible last post on the internet indefinitely. Thank you whoever you are for stumbling across this and listening to a broken soul.  So here’s an update. I just had to watch her get all prettied up, just to see her get into the guys truck just now. Now it’s just me and my two year old son. This is like the tenth time I had to watch this play out. Before she left she kissed my cheek gave me a hug and told me she loves me like she does every time. I’m so confused. I feel like I’m being played. I hate everything in the world.   Update #2 Like fifteen minutes after posting the first update I decided to load my son in the car and get some pods for my Juul to calm my nerves. Halfway there.... boom! Tire blows out. Alright no big deal, my life already sucks ass, but at least with this I have a spare. Nope the spare is flat. Now me and my son are stranded on the road at 1am. I hate my life"	sw
"Thinking about killing myself within the next couple of days Im getting so tired of living, i just want some rest. Im so depressed and for that reason i have pushed all my friends away. I feel so alone. Im not scared of dying, just need to make sure its really what i want "	sw
"My coworker is eating and it's driving me nuts! My coworker does this thing where he always eats with his mouth open, always smacks his gross food-y tongue against the roof of his mouth to be extra loud, and pops his jaw in this strangely irritating way!  What do you coworkers do that drives you nuts?"	cc
"I bought size 38 jeans for the first time in like 14+ years. I am 6'6"", and for those that don't know what that is like, once you get past a 38"" waist, all standard pants no longer come in a 34"" inseam. The clothing manufacturers of the world have decided that you can be normal, tall and skinny, or short and fat. Otherwise you need to shop the big and tall selection, which is limited. Well, I no longer need to shop for big and tall pants, opening up a whole new world of possibilities. As someone who loves clothes, this feels great. I do kind of need to find a tailor to take in some of my nicer old clothes now though. "	cc
"Help me decide if am being unreasonable. I currently work at a 5* hotel and the job sucks ass but i do my best at it and i have not experienced any guest complaints for the most part ( forgot the coffee in one room). One of the perks however of the shitty job though is I get a gianormous discount at other locations of the hotel. Well now I am at one of those chains and today guess what happened here.... They didn't refill our coffee station. Which i can understand seeing as how that happened to me. What i can't understand is that they removed all the cups from the room and didn't refill the water station and when i called about the cups and water they said they would charge for the water and the woman who picked up the phone was kind of unpleasant when talking to me. Now i feel as though this is not right as at my place of work the staff, including me, are always polite and welcoming to the guests. I am considering complaining but i don't want to get anyone in trouble with their supervisor. Am I being unreasonable or am i justified?   Edit: so I forgot to mention that this is just a job i am doing to my way through university and not my career or anything like that. Also forgot to mention that they said that want to charge for the water even though I know it is free."	cc
"Have you ever tried to cut down on Reddit? Don’t get me wrong, I love Reddit. But, I’ve had to step back from Reddit several times in the last couple years and evaluate whether it’s a beneficial or detractive force in my life.   I like the community aspect and I’ve had some good discussions and a lot of good laughs. But at times my Reddit use has been compulsive in its frequency. I’ve gotten in many heated arguments, fallen for many fake or misrepresented news stories, witnessed many Reddit controversies, and found quite a few toxic communities. As a somewhat neurotic individual, sometimes Reddit can get rather overwhelming for me.  I’ve tried ditching Reddit several times, but I think I’ve gotten a grip on it now. Lately I’ve culled almost all news subreddits from my front page. I’ve also started listening to more podcasts and generally reduced my redditing to what I (for now) perceive to be a healthy amount. I’m arguing substantially less than I used to, and Reddit has been much less mentally and emotionally draining lately. So I think things are looking up.  ———  Anyone else have mixed feelings about Reddit? Similar experiences? Different experiences? What did you do?"	cc
"I have rosacea and I need to die I have a terrible case of rosacea subtype 1 that makes my face incredibly red. I am taking oral and topical antibiotics, applying moisturizer, and having IPL treatments done. These have not helped at all (and my dermatologist agrees). I was in excellent shape, however my face flushes and burns when I go to the gym and my dermatologist told me to stop going to make the IPL treatments more effective. I feel miserable every day and this way of living is intolerable and unsustainable. I feel that killing myself is the only way to solve this problem."	sw
im gonna throw up sooner or later so i ate this sandwich at school and it was fine until the last bite because it had this weird taste. i am in that stage where i feel the saliva forming in my mouth and imma about to drink some tea and elixir that i hope helps me to throw up.  how was your day? anything fun gonna happen soon for you? 	cc
"Pen pals Just looking for someone to write to before I go. I’ve planned it for June since no one in my family has a birthday around then. Not that they’d care buttt anyway. I just want someone to talk to before I go that will actually listen to my feelings and not invalidate them or get angry with me for having feelings in the first place. Every says it gets better! But nobody tells you when or how much better or if that better makes up for all the terrible. I’ve had so many attempts but this time I’m going to do carbon monoxide. So anyways, if anyone wants to say hi or anything, hello. If anyone in Poland is planning on going too, maybe we can go together. I’m looking into a program in Belgian, since I’m Belgian, for assisted suicide but if that takes too long, monoxide it is. Anyways, hope the rest of you fighting this battle of life make it. I’m just kind of tired and everyone I was fighting for kind of just proved over the last few years especially that they don’t really care. "	sw
"Flowers. Sometimes when you think life can't possibly get any worse and then it does. You lose all hope for anything. Then one thing just makes you forget about the pain. One insignificant thing that nobody really cares about but you do. It could be a game, a girl, a celebrity, a dog, bird, whatever. Anything. For me it's the flowers. I'll have such a bad day and I'll come across a flower and I think to myself ""If I die, I'll never see another flower again. I'll never hold a rose, a tulip, a daisy."" And for me that's enough to change my mood. I know it sounds crazy but it's true. The simple things keep me sane from this crazy life. I've thought about suicide more than the average person should. But I fight it. And when I'm done with my flowers, my demons take over my brain and tells me horrible things. I think there's something wrong with me? Mhmm... "	sw
"I don't want to do this anymore I haven't felt like this in a while. It's not even emotional pain, I feel like I'm just existing and drifting and being numb even when I know everything is about to come crashing down around me. I'm running out of options and I don't want to face the inevitable consequences. I can't even bring myself to do anything to fix the situation I'm in so I'll just have brought this on myself. "	sw
"I quit my job and bought a gun. Now what? I live with my parents and I have $20,000 in a savings account. I think I might just drive around the country for a little while and then take myself out in a few months. I'll probably just sleep in my car and eat raw produce. Any advice? "	sw
"I just spent $120 to put diesel in a school bus I saw a guy that looked like an old-school hippy with a beard and long hair and a cardboard sign that said ""family needs diesel"". I could see there were kids sitting in the back, and it's Vegas so it's starting to get hot here.  I gave them a case of water and paid to fill the bus up. I felt weirdly compelled. I'm not normally the kind of person who gives people stuff. These days I just assume people asking for money or gas are just out to scam you, because here in Vegas that's almost always the case.  But I talked to the guy. He said they were traveling from Ohio to Oregon. They'd had a Winnebago that broke down and now they were in a bus. He wants to be a geologist.  I'm not posting this as a ""look at me I did this generous thing"". I just wanted to share this experience because it left me feeling... I dunno. Human. Like, I don't know this guy or his kids, but now I feel like I wish I'd gotten all their names or found out where exactly they were going so I can look them up and make sure they got there okay. I want to know more about their story and why they were traveling across the country like this and what led them to that decision.  Anyway. I hope you get to Eugene safely Scott. And I hope you look me up on facebook when you get there."	cc
"A friend told me I had a good heart. Usually I think of myself as the appendage of my group of friends, as I'm only really close to one of them. I never really felt I was a part of the group.  A few days ago, one of these friends (not the one I'm really close with) told me I had a good heart. This gave me a major confidence boost which still is in effect today. It made me really happy and I just wanted to share this somewhere.  Have a nice day, Reddit!"	cc
I don't even know why the fuck I'm still alive Everyone would be happier if I wasn't here. I'm such a burden...	sw
tired of trying to be happy i get upset over dumb things im not sure if i will ever overcome i should have died  it hurts i mess up everything for myself all the time	sw
"Can’t kill myself but I want to so much I’m 18 currently and don’t want to live anymore. It’s been like this for a few years but it seems everyday I want to snap more and more. I’m fat and ugly. Everyone I talk to about it doesn’t take me seriously. It’s like I have to do it for them to believe me. I’m pretty smart but wasted my high school career and not going to college. Can’t afford it anyway. No girl wants to talk to me at all. Everyone says I have a lot of friends that care about me but it all seems so fake. I can’t talk to any of the guys cuz they all think everything is fine and would just call me a pussy and move on. Nobody truly cares about me. I want to die but I can’t because I don’t want to leave my mom ,grandmother and about 2-3 friends that don’t even care about me anyway. I’ve already decided to kill my self when my mom and grandmother are gone but everyday I want to do it more and more because I can’t wait. I drive myself fucking crazy sitting in my room alone all day everyday. Anyone got some advice on how to just get it over with ? "	sw
"I'm lucky I don't come from a gun family I'm really lucky there are no guns anywhere near me that I have access to. I can be perfectly fine one second and then the next second, I can be verbalizing the ways in which I would kill myself. If I had a gun that I had access to, I might've already done it. I've had some pretty low lows. Whether my reasons for being as sad as I have been are legitimate or not, I'd probably say they're first world problems. But if I see a certain family member or remember a certain ""real world"" problem that I'm facing, I just get these reckless thoughts about killing myself. I'm still not tending to myself (my teeth are so sensitive it keeps me up at night sometimes, I haven't showered in a couple weeks) and my appetite just keeps getting bigger and bigger and I keep getting lazier and lazier. I'm starting work next week, so that's something to look forward to, but I don't know how long I'm gonna last there with this terrible attitude and level of comfort with my current mental state. "	sw
"Suicide attempt by pills If you attempted suicide by sleeping pills or something similar and realized you cant go through with it: call poison control BEFORE going to the hospital. it’ll save you thousands of dollars. theyll ask for your weight and height and how many you took so please know that. I tried to kill myself a week ago and went to the hospital without calling poison control; they called poison control themselves and determined i would be okay and it still cost my mom almost $2,000."	sw
"Suicide Scenarios Does anybody else look at seemingly harmless moments and just think ""If I jumped off the roof right now I would finally end it, but nahhhh we have ramen for lunch today and it's my favorite"" I also make up the whole plot and basically calculate the chances of each method like ""Oh but our roof is on the 6th floor so I would probably have more than a 70% chance to survive the fall, there is also a chance I could end up living more miserably at a phyc ward or on a wheelchair from breaking all my bones. There I also might fall on top of a car which will cost my parents an even bigger fortune. I could just jump right now and fake it as an accident, but I don't want my parents to pay even more money"" it's very random and is just my head trying to invent new suicide methods to keep my selections open, it's like wtf brain? I feel so uncomfortable whenever I do that and the moment is usually ruined even if it's very beautiful. I don't think I'm the only one doing this, but I'm probably just hella suicidal."	sw
"I've really done it this time I'm 18 and a senior in high school. Diagnosed depression and ADHD. Both are really bad (one because of the other). I'm taking college classes full time as a high school student and am accepted into the best college in the state, as well as having the Bright Futures scholarship (specific to Florida) and financial support from voc rehab (due to aforementioned ADHD/depression). That's  $50,000 of free money and I was due to graduate with my Associates at the same time I was supposed to graduate with my high school diploma.  It's less than 3 weeks until the end of the school year. I haven't been able to keep up with the work. ADHD too severe. Zeros on pretty much everything. I have an F in one of the courses I need to graduate high school and to get my AA. If I can keep up with the rest of the work for the semester, I can scrape by with a D. I'm an A student. Things have never been this bad. I'm not stupid, my standardized test scores are near perfect. I just can't do the work. With a D, I'll graduate high school, but won't get my AA. I've emailed the professor begging her to open up some late assignments so I can get partial credit. She declined. Trying to get the adaptive services to butter her up, and they'll try, but they admit there's really nothing they can do at this point.  I'll most likely get the D, most likely have to take a summer course to finish my AA, but I'll lose my acceptance into the college of my dreams. I was planning on moving into a house with my friends and my girlfriend since we were all going to the same college. But my parents aren't going to pay for me to live and go to community college up in that college town anymore now that I'm a failure, not that I want to go to the community college anyway but my mom is crazy and emotionally manipulative and I need to get out of my house. That $50,000? Going to be gone. I can't pay for college. If I reapply for Bright Futures or that college, they'll see the D and deny me. My girlfriends mental health is also precarious and she's depending on me to go and move in with her. I can't NOT move in with her, but I won't be able to attend or afford college.  Everything is ruined. Besides the actual logistics of everything, what remains of my pride is shattered. I didn't have much to cling on to, I was that ""gifted"" kid who was given an inflated sense of self worth but no means on surviving in the real world. My ADHD had kept me from being successful in every aspect of my life, but at least I had academic success and was relatively intellectual. Apparently not anymore. There was so little expected of me, ""just make it through one more semester of high school."" Couldn't do it. Nobody understands what it's like to live with ADHD like mine. ""Oh just pay more attention."" Nevermind that it's turned me into a vegetable who can barely take care of my own hygeine.  My options are limited. Slim to no chance I'm going to get a C in that class. So I'll lose the acceptance and the scholarships. I can stay and live with my mentally ill mother and do classes locally, while my future with my girlfriend falls apart, and I eventually kill myself. I can move in with my friends, forget about college, forget about my dreams, become a wage slave, and eventually I'll kill myself. I could  move up and go to college anyway, racking up tens of thousands of dollars worth of debt, and eventually kill myself. Or, I could just save myself the trouble and kill myself now.  It used to be that the only thing holding me back was my love for my dad, but I'm just a disappointment to him now, so I can't let him down much more than I already have.  "	sw
"Does anyone else feel a little jolt of happiness after getting a notification that someone has liked something of yours? Even if it's just one like from one anonymous person, it always feels good to me. Here on Reddit, I always make a point to upvote ignored/overlooked comments on the off chance it might help brighten someone's day. Sometimes it's just nice to know you're being heard."	cc
"How IRL Streamer, Ice Poseidon helped me go through Depression. last year I was pretty suicidal and most of the thoughts I had was about how I wanna kill myself, I had a girlfriend at the time aswell so I was happy from time to time but this summer she left me and that’s when I started cutting myself. I could not take the pain mentally so I had to make myself feel the pain physically to atleast let it out. Throughout the rest of the year, all my thoughts were about killing myself. And then the beginning of the year, I saw a video and it had Ice Poseidon included in it, I don’t remember exactly what it was but he caught my attention. After a few vids, I saw the video of him where he cried on stream and expressed how he truly feels and god damn I have never felt connected to someone. I related to the fact that his relationship with his parents weren’t the best and he couldn’t talk to them how he feels. A video online never hit me so hard and so close to home. Ever since then, I’ve been watching his VODS and recently just started watching actual livestreams. Ever since I started watching him, not a single thought about killing myself have crossed my mind. I just wanted to say, Mr. Paul Denino, thank you for helping me go through this and for saving my life. lets have a moment of silence and Cx in the chat/comments."	sw
"Last time I took a personality test was a year ago. I just did a new one, and I am a changed person. So, yeah, my new result is ENFJ-A in the 16 personalities test, and that's a lot different from my first result, which was ISFJ.    It made recall how I was back then, and I realized how much I have changed, maybe for the better.    Back then, I was an introverted kid, not so many great friends. Always at the computer. It's not like I was sad at that time, it's just who I were.    But then, I travelled to Mexico (from Denmark), studying abroad and getting new friends. It felt kind of like starting over. I knew no one other than my host family and a couple of classmates, but I decided I wouldn't let that discourage me. I was starting over after all, so I decided I wanted to try not being antisocial and introverted.    I had this chance, and I took it, and I feel like I am refreshed, opened up to many new experiences. This year abroad has made me a new person. And I like me!    Now, I wonder how my family is going to receive me when I go back in a couple of months.    If you want to take the test you can do it [here.](https://www.16personalities.com/)    Have you had any moments realizing you changed? Think back, take a look. You might find something you might like."	cc
"Tried making a smoothie tonight coz I didn't eat anything all day. 1000 calories. I didn't soak the oats prior to making the smoothie so they ended up bitty and powdery, that was the worst part. It actually seemed pretty bareable tho. I might try have it everyday or two for the sake of easy calories. It's funny how most people are reducing calorie intake but I really need to increase mine.  You guys ever have protein smoothies?  Edit: by ""I didn't eat anything all day"" I mean I ate a bit but not enough haha"	cc
"Is there anyone here who has felt suicidal for decades and managed to find meaning? I always believed I would grow up to be some sort of rockstar. Not even in the traditional sense, but throughout my entire life my friends , family, teachers, mentors, and bosses all believed I would amount to something greater than myself.  Pretty sure it's not happening before my 30th birthday looming around the corner. Or ever... I'm dead on the inside and have been for a while.   While I know that part of my behaviour as of late is to seek attention, I have a feeling it will never be enough. I will never be what I wanted to be. I'd rather drown than accept the mediocrity presented to me.   Seems pretty and childish to say this nonsense out loud. But here it is. For all the non-gloriousness it is, the only thing keeping me going is one day I'll be accepted and loved the way I want to be. "	sw
"I hate literal translation sometimes I was trying to explain to my mom that it smelled like a hot asshole outside, but the literal translation is ""cola cliente"" which means a horny person or something like that.  "	cc
"I'm fucked up. I'm lonely. I want to end MY LIFE IS EXTREMELY GOING DOWNHILL BECAUSE I'M GETTING ACNE I LOOK UGLY AND I CANT STOP DRINKING ALCOHOL AND EATING AND HAVING SEVERAL MENTAL BREAKDOWN A DAY. MY BRAIN IS WASTED I CANT EVEN REMEMBER LESSONS FROM SCHOOL, MY GRADES ARE FALLING MY PARENTS ARE SO MAD AT ME. THEY ALSO CALL ME A FAGGOT SOMETIMES CUZ I ACT ""GAY"". THEY SHOULD KNOW THEY MADE ME GAY NOT MYSELF. THEY HATE MY TRUE SELF THAT HURTS MY FEELING SOMETIMES BUT I FEEL MAD AT THEM AND I DONT EVEN CARE BOUT THAT SOMETIMES BUT SOMETIMES I CARE BOUT THAT AGAIN. MY PARENTS ARE BOTH MATH TEACHERS BUT I FUCKING HATE MATH. I HATE MATH SO FUCKING DAMN MUCH I HATE IT SO SO SO MUCH. I AM SO DUMB AT MATH, MY CLASSMATES AND EVERYONE AROUND SAY MEAN THINGS AND THINK I SUCKS, I DAMAGE MY PARENTS' REPUTATION. I CANT IM SO WORTHLESS WHY I HAVE TO LIVE. IM SO UGLY UGLY UGLY UGLY NO ONE WILL EVER LOVES ME IM GOING TO DIE ALONE NO ONE WILL ATTEND MY FUNERAL . WHY DO I NEED TO STAY ALIVE WHEN THERE IS NO. REASONS? I WANT TO CRY SO MUCH BUT MY BRAIN HAS ERROR. SOMETHING IS WRONG IN MY HEAD I FEEL SO DEPRESSED BUT I CANT CRY THERE NO TEARS COMING OUT FROM MY EYES. MY BRAIN IS FUCKED UP. IM GOING TO BE 17 YEARS OLD AND I DONT KNOW WHAT TO DO WITH MY LIFE. Crying is always a way to relieve stress and sadness but i cant cry what is wrong with me??? I cant I am so sorry i had caps lock, dont be mad at me please. Why do i have anxiety and worrys about many damn things in my life? my brain is fucked up. i live in a small country i dont know where to see a therapy. i cant even tell my parents about what is happening to me, if i tell them bout my fucked up mental health, they will think im a freak and they will kick me out. i have no one to talk bout this except post this on Reddit i feel so alone i feel so lonely, i have ""many friends"" but at the end of the day i still feel like i have none, i still feel so lonely lonely lonely. what can i do? what can i do to make everything better?"	sw
"What was your favorite thing about last Thursday? Big or small thing, what was your favorite part?   Aside: This question also appeared on the 2018 UMD application, and i would love to know what your guys would have answered! "	cc